Neil Gursahani  0:00  
Views. Basically, I want to just get your thoughts on a few things that you do at Synthesia, if you can, if you're open to sharing, yeah, yeah. Nice, nice. I know maybe some of the talked a bit about. But I also wanted to give to context for Tino, you know. So maybe I'll just run it back. Um, Synthesia, if you haven't heard about it. You should super dope company. Maybe you can just tell me a bit more about them. Like, specifically, like, how how big are you guys? You know, like, how big are you guys? Where you guys currently operating? Like, what's the deal?

Cory Johnson  0:33  
Yeah, so when you're operating in three primary markets, I'd say, actually four, probably four. So US, UK, France and Germany are our big hitters. Obviously, the US is the biggest right, just because it's the biggest fight in the five enterprise companies, that's our goal. But also, you know, we have a very strong self service program. So if you look at sorry platform, so if you look at the website, and you sign up like that's the basic sort of functionality you'll get if you get a paid plan, right? And then if enterprise users want to upgrade, they can. We do cold outreach to them. We do inbound, sort of nurturing for them. We do 100 we do things essentially. But you know, our ICP at the moment is very strongly MD providers, so people who do internal training videos, that's no secret, sort of like, that's where the sort of the power of the platform is at the moment, just because these videos are expensive to make, they want to make video, but they can't make video because they can't afford they're considered a loss leader at the company, right? So training providers at companies like I don't know how to how to log into your system or to use Salesforce, or how not to act in the workplace, those sort of videos, they're not considered a priority, but they need to be made right for compliance reasons, and so it's kind of that sweet spot between synthesis saves them a lot of money. We know the video communicates better, you know, not just in a bear sort of like literacy sense, because, you know, obviously some people can't read, but it's also the sense of multiple languages, under 20 languages. And also, we tend to find that video communicates points better, especially those boring, crappy sort of documents that usually come out of HR and stuff. Yeah. So, yeah, that's, that's our primary bread and butter that moment. Obviously, we have designs to become like a bigger sort of video editing app. We are quite big. I can't share the revenue numbers, but there is a funding round coming shortly. Series D, we had one about 18 months ago, that was 1 billion. So we're a unicorn, and it's not just because of AI. I like the multiples are quite reasonable, so I'll leave it at that. But yeah, it's quite good. As far as I'm aware, we're profitable as well, which is nice. Okay, yeah,

Neil Gursahani  2:59  
interesting. How old is Synthesia? Synthesia

Cory Johnson  3:03  
is six years old, but the product market fit has only been has only existed for about three years. Okay? For that, they're really struggling. They're really struggling to find something that worked. They started out actually as sort of like a manual AI translation business. And so if you look at, for example, some of our older content. We work with Lionel Messi, for example. We work with David Beckham. That was all done manually, almost like it was like AI in name only. But then they found out they could sort of make these avatars, they could record them, loop them, and that's how we sort of started out with the video editor.

Neil Gursahani  3:37  
Interesting, very interesting. And currently you said your ICP are really, of course, lnd teams, but in terms of firmer graphics, is it really more enterprise rather than like, smaller companies?

Cory Johnson  3:49  
Yeah, that's the goal, right? And that's just because of early commercial consideration, in the sense that bigger companies have more money spent and there's more opportunities to upsell within the company, there's more money, there's more opportunities to go within more opportunities to go within the company. It's also great social proof. So for example, if you get 1010, enterprise companies, you've got two or three case studies there. You can use the key, and then you can say to everyone else, hey, look, we work with XYZ, the fortune 2000 so we work with about, at the moment, we have a presence in about, I think, half of the Fortune 500 so these really big companies are a priority. That's why we have a sales team, right? We get a lot of inbound interest, and that's those are sort of people in teams we prioritize.

Neil Gursahani  4:34  
Check, did you guys start? Was has the focus towards enterprise been more recent, like since the three year product market fit, or was that

Cory Johnson  4:42  
always so ever since I joined about two and a half years ago, it has been the important thing, right? It has been the it has been the goal. We've had a lot of hype cycles with when it comes to self serve plans. So, like when I first joined, there was this sort of idea that self service sort of wither away and enterprise, and it was just there, because why not. But actually, you know, during the chatgpt cycle, probably about half of our revenue was, which is fantastic, right? Those people around as often as enterprise companies. But actually the sort of growth sort of plateaued a little bit and then slowly began to rise again. So it's not, it's not a significant part of the business, but self serve, I you know people who are, I don't know, agencies or one man bands or SMEs, who are just sort of wanting to create a few videos every now and then. They're actually quite a substantial part of the business, which is nice to see.

Neil Gursahani  5:32  
Okay, interesting. Okay, so, yeah, I guess it's also looking at the power of the different customer segments, right? And maybe also the immeasurable effects that one can have in terms of maybe where their mouth and stuff and that, what are the How many employees do you guys have? How many teammates? About 500

Cory Johnson  5:52  
so I started it was 100 so it's quintupled, right? That's really scaling, yeah, yeah, but they've been careful with it, right? It's where, you know, they're very sanguine. They're a fantastic company in general, because they realize that even though they could go absolutely crazy and get a valuation of something ridiculous based on pure fluff and then hire a million fucking people, yeah? Wouldn't necessarily mean scale, right? It would just, you know, you might end up having a situation where you have a what three words style startup, I think I maybe talked about what three words to you, right? Neil, yeah, we did, yeah. So, you know, like this, these sort of companies pre pandemic, during the pandemic, I guess, you know, massive valuations on like a sliver of revenue. We didn't want that. I say we, they didn't want that, right? Which is really, really quite smart. It means that you don't have to lay off everyone in a year because you haven't grown according to investors, incredibly inflated expectations. Yeah,

Neil Gursahani  6:55  
I think that's so that was the downfall lotteries. Company still is the inflated numbers. Basically, once, once it hits the fan, then the ones that were in Lastly, first and of 405 sorry, 500 teammates that you guys have. What are the biggest teams? Like the biggest team breakdown? I would

Cory Johnson  7:15  
say the biggest teams commercial, sure, so sales and marketing and CS, I suppose they're sort of like the biggest sort of teams. Having said that, I think that obviously research, we would love research to be like 90% of the company, I'm sure, but it's just very, very hard to hire those sort of people, right, that really know their shit. And so I don't know how many research people there are now, but definitely commercial is the biggest sort of slice of the business, just because, you know, it's, it's, I think it's just because of a limitation that it's hard to hire those people.

Neil Gursahani  7:51  
And when you say research, you mean R and D, like, for, like, the development of the product,

Cory Johnson  7:55  
yeah, 100% so R and D across the board, whether it be sort of, like, there's a lot that goes into Synthesia. It's not, you know, we use third party integrations, but we try to move away from as many of those as possible, right? And so our own stack from one that we've built, for example, impressive avatars, for the personal avatars, they're the most impressive things, right? And so, you know, that's what we sort of prioritize. And to do that, we need the best of the best, right? Because, you know, you need researchers, you need, I don't know, it's almost seems that you just need people to sort of sit on their ass and and just think all day, right? Yeah, which is fantastic. And they cost a lot of money, and they, they have egos, and they, it's great. It's fantastic. Yeah, they're

Neil Gursahani  8:40  
passionate. They're passionate. Of course, you said that you, at least in the R and D or a research team, you the idea, or the goal, is to move away from third party integrations and develop everything in house,

Cory Johnson  8:54  
not everything, but the whole idea is building a mode, right? That's the whole big thing. So the more that we do that, the more that we build our own tech, the less likely it is someone like Google or even like a new startup that's really well funded, for example, the less chance they have of competing with us, right? Because we sort of won that game, and it just becomes too much of an effort for them to build what we've been building. Yeah, yeah. And

Neil Gursahani  9:21  
this kind of philosophy to build a moat by, of course, building in house is that also echoed outside of the R and D team, like in the marketing teams and the customer teams, commercial teams.

Cory Johnson  9:35  
So, I mean, we don't build our own, like CRM or anything like that. I think that's less important, because it's not sort of like anything we sell. Yeah, right. So the efficiency that you would get by building your own CRM is, I think, that, you know, the out of the box solutions vastly outweigh that, right? We do try and, like, merge systems so say for we have, like, a very strong money mindset of the company. And so that doesn't mean being cheap, right? It just means being like, Okay, so we've got five different pieces of software, say, for example, Miro, right? Most people just use Miro in this most basic way to make flow shots, right? And so the revenue team, and I hated this at the time, they were like, fuck it. We're not using mirror anymore unless you really, really need it. You have to request access individually. You're not meeting licenses. Use zoom whiteboards instead. Because it's three out of zoom. I'm like, okay, that's kind of shit. Why the fuck would I use those? But actually, I used it. It was actually really good. I recommend zoom whiteboards to everyone now, because it's fucking amazing, maybe not for, like, the stuff that, like, super mirror nerds do, but nobody does that. So just, just use Zoom whiteboards is phenomenal. So intuitive. I don't know why Zoom. Zoom is a junk company. And so they made this amazing whiteboard app that's fantastic, but nice, yeah, and so that's free. And so they'll do that across the board, whether it's with expensing software. So they'll just essentially say, right, we have a tech stack of 50 things. How can we get it down to 20?

Neil Gursahani  11:01  
This is really interesting. What is the Can you maybe go but elaborate on the team or the people that are responsible for slimming down this really big tech stack and identifying it?

Cory Johnson  11:13  
Yes, good point. I would say it's sort of a dialog in rev ops. So revenue operations team, which is sort of new function. Have you guys heard of Rev ops before? Yes, it's

Neil Gursahani  11:23  
one of the newest words.

Cory Johnson  11:24  
I feel like, like, yeah.

Neil Gursahani  11:26  
I also, I don't know about you, I think it sounds hella cool, man. Rev was

Cory Johnson  11:30  
really cool. But I guess the job, the drop, requires a really weird type of person. I think I'd be good in rev ops, just because I like finicky systems. But anyway, no, the sort of architecture rev ops might be like, actually, I think I wouldn't say it's like a centralized thing. It's like each individual at the company thinks, do I need this? Is there an alternative that's the sort of default behavior which is really, really good. Obviously, if finance identifies something that they can get for free. They will try and push that, right, yeah, which is really, really cool, actually. It just means that you have more money to spend on things like bonuses and getting good people in and, you know, nice company retreats and things like that, right? Because you're not spending like, 5 million on a CRM, which you only use one part of, you know, yeah,

Neil Gursahani  12:19  
and and zoo and zoom whiteboard might, might offer that all of a sudden. You know, it's crazy.

Cory Johnson  12:25  
It's so good. I'm like, I might not evangelist for zoom whiteboard. Nothing else zoom I get zoom emails. I think I said this as well. Neil, I get zoom emails. Product that based on, like, What the fuck are these? Why am I getting these? These are awful. But, yeah, they, they do really well with Zoom whiteboards. Yeah,

Neil Gursahani  12:39  
I've actually never heard of zoom by board until this call, so I'm gonna also evaluate them afterwards. Okay, so with, I guess revenue operations falls under the commercial team. So within a commercial team, there's marketing, there's sales, and then there's CS. I guess within sales,

Cory Johnson  12:57  
there's two big silos of the company. So it is R and D and commercial, right? And R and D and commercial to each other. Like with the only time I've talked to R D recently is because the Santa, Santa thing, we need a little bit of more bandwidth on actual creating the videos and stuff like that. Other than that, like the teams don't talk really. Product is obviously in between. The product is definitely more r&d commercial. And I think that's good, because commercial, you know, we do our thing. Well, we don't necessarily do, I mean, if we would waste R and D and product time with, for example, a sidecar product that never worked, that's happened. Of course, every company, right? Yeah, and so I think it's actually quite good to silo r, d off and let them do their own shit, as long as they're informed by product on what is a priority, right? Yeah, this product talk to you guys. Yeah, they do. So I'm working more and more with product just in terms of communications, but they sort of do their own thing. So product led growth is their sort of bag. I'm increasingly talking to them because people growth, but there's almost like two growth teams. There's a marketing growth team and a product growth team. And as they're sort of merging a little bit, which is quite

Neil Gursahani  14:13  
nice, interesting, which, which, which marketing, which group team do you currently operate in marketing? Yeah, in the marketing growth team. Okay, I would love to go deeper into in terms of the marketing team now, like how, of course, you said they're one of the biggest teams in the commercial, commercial department. So what is like your What does a team structure look like? You know, I'd

Cory Johnson  14:34  
say it's very flat. In general, we probably have three layers, so individual contributors, middle management, and then management, right? Two big managers over the whole thing, and then maybe five middle managers. And then, you know, like about 3040, individual contributors we have, essentially, it's a bizarre structure. I don't think it's like any other marketing team I've ever worked in. Actually, I know it's not like any other marketing team I've ever worked in. The more important thing is that someone owns something, rather than jumping in and doing 50,000 things and and sort of like, sort of getting another's way, everyone owns a sort of channel, right? And so, literally, I own email marketing, right? So I'll do the email comms, I'll do everything like that. I'll take my initiative and run with that, and I'll help every anyone out who wants to use email as a channel to maximize their own efforts. And someone else we just hired, for example, someone specifically to own the YouTube channel. And that's not just creating content. That's also the meta, right, to create like organic search content. So someone searches, I don't know, top top five AI tools and when our video pops up, but also knowing how to do the meta and organize the channel and all that stuff. And so it's like, who own and then if that, what if that becomes like a profitable channel for us? We'll expand the team, right? I have an expanded email, just because I find it easier just to do it by myself. And I don't see expanding. Maybe in the future, I'll expand with, like, localized people, so people who can write emails in French and German, for example, yeah? But at the moment, this is no point, right? Yeah, it's easy for me to do it, yeah?

Neil Gursahani  16:18  
So what you guys currently have adopted is a one channel, one person, kind of, pretty much, pretty

Cory Johnson  16:24  
much, well, depends if the channel, like paid ads, becomes super successful, then we'll start like, hiring more individual contributors to own different silos within that. So for example, LinkedIn, or, you know, Google ads, or you know, SEO, yeah, but yeah, by and large, it's like, demonstrated, we're born, and then expand check,

Neil Gursahani  16:48  
okay, got you and so currently, you've been there for two and a half years. And of course, email is, is a big, is a big part of it. Like, what are the different channels? Because you said you outbound, you said inbound, email for nurturing, I assume, what are so

Cory Johnson  17:03  
marketing almost with inbound nurture. So how do we get more inbound? How do we increase the conversions in the website that's a team? How do we nurture those people when they're in the funnel? That's obviously like email in app, nudges proper code base and so on and so forth. Events, how do we draw people in? We don't do cold outbound or anything like that. We just essentially have, like physical events. People have a broad awareness of us. It's sort of like being there so that people, when they're ready to convert, can convert. Paid ads is obviously really, really big as well. I would say that's not even top of the funnel. It's almost like people know about us already, okay? They're like, Oh, it's integer, yeah, I need to, I need to do that. And then they've sort of looked up. So I would say it's not even top of the funnel stuff. It's more like lukewar, lukewarm nurture to conversion is really what being does really well. Say they're increasingly doing cold outbound. So we just let them do it. It's very much like, how do I, you know, I'll have a list of 50,000 people I bought from zoom info, and I'll call every single one of them, and that's not what marketing does, right? I'm increasingly doing a lot of lukewarm nurture with people who maybe signed up two years ago to the platform and have a different use case. Maybe the platform wasn't as impressive for them. We're finding that works quite well. We're expanding that, but yeah, by and large, I'd say that marketing sort of lead generation, not necessarily top of funnel and nurture check.

Neil Gursahani  18:40  
And you said that there, there's the other half the marketing, which is a growth or mark or the product marketing team, like,

Cory Johnson  18:46  
yeah, there's, that's, that's more like product led growth. So that's like, What features do we know that work well, in other apps? What flows, cancelation flows work well, it's all like the app and how to make the app better, yeah, other than sort of website and the front facing brand of things. It's kind of a bizarre set up at the moment. I think over time, product will increasingly merge with marketing. But, yeah,

Neil Gursahani  19:12  
but I guess for them, because I'm curious in terms of the enterprise play, does that is like the first touch point of course, do they come from sales doing call outbound, or is it a combination of call outbound plus, like plg growth? Yes,

Cory Johnson  19:27  
it's vastly, it's, I would say it's vastly inbound. Outbound has only been a very small sliver of the total for a long time. It's getting better. Sales are doing really well. Obviously, conversion rate, cold outreach, people who don't know about us is terrible, right? And so, you know, it's like maybe, like less than 0.2% people who actually even take a call, right? And so must be exhausting those people. They call in 100 people a day, and like, getting maybe one booking a day, if they're lucky. And so, yeah, most of it's been inbound, to be honest with you, word of mouth, obviously just spamming people everywhere with with paid ads, YouTube videos, content, all this stuff, right? Yeah, interesting.

Neil Gursahani  20:10  
Very interesting. Okay, thanks. I gotta go. I got a feel for that. Um, and now, like, of course, now we're in the last month of the year. I think now it's like, really, like a month of reflection, or you're also trying to see, like, hey, how do we position our different teams to help us hit the goals in 2025 and I'm curious, maybe just in a high level, like, what, what are some of the goals that Synthesia has for for the next year? And how does marketing have a have a role in that? It's

Cory Johnson  20:38  
kind of like a big, continual thing across the business. We want to expand our ICP so we don't want to just be for LD teams. We want to be across the business. Because we know, for example, that there are a lot of use cases across businesses where talking head video would work better than whatever they do. So that's not necessarily like ads or anything like that. It's like, recruitment, for example, it's easier book and doing that at scale, rather than having to do an individual video right via loom. And so, you know, that's, that's, that's something where it's boring. And so maybe, like, there's a big enterprise company, and we've got, like, a million dollar deal, and we want that to be 5 million. How do we do that? We can't do that just by expanding the L and D licenses. You need to get the marketing team on board. You need to get the sales team on board. You need to get and so that's the goal, right? And that's the constant challenge. It's always difficult. Where we it's very comfortable being an L D, because we passed the early adopter phase. We know what we know what sales we know what knows what works. It's very comfortable to go out there and nurture and chase and convert. L D, yeah. How do we, you know, find strategies. How do we find things that just hit Well, hooks, you know, pain points that work well with a marketing team, you know, and with the product as it is, which isn't necessarily perfect for marketers, right? Obviously, the product will keep improving. We get to have our big chat, GPT moment. It'll come. I think, you know, we want to, in the meantime, really be expanding our use cases. Okay?

Neil Gursahani  22:06  
So what I'm hearing is that a big focus for 2025 is, let's say expansion, so like, not just looking at L and D teams within, like enterprise companies, but really broadening your network and services, different video

Cory Johnson  22:20  
editor, right? Like, it's almost like replacement power, yeah, that's the idea, right? So, so, you know, like, in the same way that word became the de facto word processor, yeah? Like, we always want Synthesia to be the de facto video editor, right? Like, it's not gonna, it's not, it's not, it's never gonna be a Premier Pro, you know. But most people like, like, with Zoom whiteboards. Most people do not use Premiere Pro for the technical stuff that you can do with it, right? Yeah, they're they the deepest they'll go into Premiere Pro is transitions, like, just, you know, and so that's the idea, right? Like, it's not going to be a tool that's like, super, super complicated. It's not going to be a tool that's super, super intense. You're never going to probably make After Effects style stuff in in Synthesia, but it's good enough for most people across the commercial enterprise agreed, Okay, got you. I got you. And

Neil Gursahani  23:11  
so, of course, like, now you as, like, as a good market manager, but like, handling email, how does your role? Because I see that there's a lot of like, connections, right? Because, of course, nurturing is such a big proponent of contract expansion. And yeah, what are some of your big projects or goals that you will be working on in next year? I guess to help with that, increasingly,

Cory Johnson  23:33  
I think my role is increasingly within the business to enable other people to write good emails. So one thing I've noticed is, and it's not their fault. Everyone thinks they can write good mark. Everyone thinks everyone thinks they can do marketing. Everyone thinks they can write good emails, right? The reality is somewhat mixed, middling towards poor. I'd say, yeah. And so my sort of goal, of the priority, is to sort of really position myself. So I started crappy things, like, I know sounds so cringe, like office hours for people to pop in. Like, these people. How am I going to do that? Because actually, I see that when I help people do that, the results much better. It's not like, this is a nicer email. It sounds nicer. It's like, say, for example, with the with the lukewarm nurture of HR or E commerce or customer success that I've been knowing recently, like, we just had much better results when I do it, rather than someone else's it. And so, you know, increasingly positioning myself as like, I can help you do this training rather than this, and enabling rather than just like, doing it, I think, is where I'm going. Yeah, very, very

Neil Gursahani  24:32  
interesting. So first, like you mentioned office hours as one solution. I'm curious. Like, have, are you also experimenting with other like tools or software solutions to help with this. No,

Cory Johnson  24:44  
no, no. So no. I think it's almost like you add complexity by doing that. I think just being there, you can't coerce people into into coming. I think it's just like, just being there and like, people like, and it becomes part of onboarding, maybe people like, oh yeah. Corey Roberts, I was getting corporate and onboarding, and so it's just a process of, like, being visible, almost, right? And so I've done, I've also, you know, started making, sort of, like, a basic spreadsheet of, like, all these different email hacks anyone throughout the business can use, and that's been adopted throughout the business, which is quite nice to see. Nice like, car is using it. That was never the intention, but they're using it now. There's a guy, cool and stuff like that, just educating across the business, which is slow process, but you know, you get better and better at it, right? Nice,

Neil Gursahani  25:29  
nice, very nice. Corey, I know I in the initial needs to ask for 30 minutes, and I know we're hitting that mark right now. Do you still have just a few more minutes left?

Cory Johnson  25:38  
I have a few more minutes, but not too many. I gotta, I gotta walk the dog for 11. So,

Neil Gursahani  25:44  
okay, I'll, I'll definitely ping you just a few questions. I'm curious, like, within, within Synthesia, like, what is your at least maybe in the marketing team? Like, do you guys have an extensive, like, marketing stack, or what is your marketing?

Cory Johnson  26:02  
I'd say we don't. Actually we don't. Obviously, we use tools as needed, right? So we're not like, obsessed with, oh, let's get Marketo, because everyone else has Marketo, right? Like we make do with HubSpot. I try and be as cheap as possible when it comes to tools. So if there's a way to avoid doing transactional email add on in HubSpot, I'll do that. And I did that for the longest time until we absolutely until we absolutely need it, right? I think that's the ethos across the board, right? Like, if we don't need a fucking tool, we won't use it. And we're definitely anti shiny object syndrome, right? I don't think, I don't think a marketing I don't think sales pictures ever work for marketing, really, yeah, but if we don't know about it, yeah, we're not sort of that. Maybe that's a little bit conservative, but got

Neil Gursahani  26:46  
you. And if, hypothetically, you did want to actually incorporate or bring a tool into into the company, what would be the process of doing that? And who would you like? Would you be able to just do it by yourself? Or would you have to speak to someone

Cory Johnson  26:58  
get approval when they meet a manager, or the VP of Marketing J curve, and I'm like, how on this? Why? What do you think you'd say, Yeah or no or not yet? And then it would just be a matter of vendor due diligence, like, is that they have security protocols, stuff like that. So yeah, be that simple sort of process. Does the

Neil Gursahani  27:19  
revenue operations team also have a say in this, as you mentioned earlier, I

Cory Johnson  27:23  
think so. Say, for example, it wouldn't integrate with any of their systems. They would have problems with that, right? Yeah, by and large is directed by what's the business need, rather than what the individual need is, right? Like, I'm not going to get Marketo just because it's a shiny thing that, you know, like, if I can just do a little bit more difficult in HubSpot, right?

Neil Gursahani  27:44  
Have you ever brought a tool into the company I can use in the past? Yeah, so

Cory Johnson  27:48  
I've brought in zero bounce for email validation, and I've brought in litmus for essentially checking like email how they're both not super expensive. Which is quite nice. And you can, you can throttle them. So, you know, if you can make to an annual plan with either you can just sort of like, reduce it or raise it, depending on how you want, month by month, which is quite nice. The flexibility is really important. Like, everyone wants a monthly plan in a business, right, especially a startup, because they don't know if they're going to be

Neil Gursahani  28:19  
there for a year. Yeah. And did you have to bring a business case as well for this, for these two tools?

Cory Johnson  28:24  
No, I think it's just pretty much like, business case. No, it's literally just a few bullet points. Is why I wanted, okay and

Neil Gursahani  28:32  
like, for you to go, I'll go through that realization, like, hey, I really need these tools. Like, was a lot of research done for that? Or was just like, you kind of knew, you kind of heard them, kind

Cory Johnson  28:42  
of knew, I kind of knew what they get. And again, if you just get it month by month, you can just, if it doesn't work, you just cancel it, right? Yeah, so it's an issue. We've had a little bit of things. So we signed up for something, something called profit. Well, it's owned by paddle. Now, we signed up for that before I joined, and that's been a little bit of that. So occasionally you do get these software that are sold to you very cheaply, and then once they start to work, even though it's not necessarily they're doing, right? It's just company growth, they'll, they'll sort of say, Oh, we want to charge you 40% of your revenue. And it's like, well, no, you're not responsible for that. Why the fuck would you so you have to, you have to, you have to cut them off. And that's kind of difficult, but, but by and large, we've been okay, cool.

Neil Gursahani  29:23  
Nice man. Thank you so much for for all these questions. Call me some time as well. Um, I'll leave it at that. I only want to ask one last thing. I think one of the thing you mentioned in the call was really interesting for us, where you said that, and actually, I never thought about this until this moment, that like, like revenue operations, or like the people within that team sometimes holistically, look at maybe on a quarterly, quarterly basis, with a yearly basis, look at all the tools that are there and are like, Hey, man, we're actually hemorrhaging money right now, and we need to maybe slim it down. I was wondering, like, is there anyone in particular within that team that you would recommend, like because I would love to understand how they go about that process. Because that's actually

Cory Johnson  30:10  
I have a colleague called Chris May I think he's super, super busy, but I can essentially string you guys in. I'll give a message super interesting,

Neil Gursahani  30:16  
because I think that's like the crux of something where we're we're trying to validate, and I never thought about revenue operations as as owning something

Cory Johnson  30:27  
like this is so new, right? So it's like, and it's also a department that needs autonomy. You can't, you know something needs doing, say, for example, even something as simple as marketing contacts. We're reaching a million marking contacts now. Why we doing that? We can't, we can't, like, have that cost us money. We can't have 50 meetings on that. Let's just try and get rid of them. Yeah, I do that as quickly as possible. Yeah, super autonomous role, I think, which is really cool as well. Yeah, I

Neil Gursahani  30:53  
think that's a it's, it makes so much more sense, actually, because I've had something similar at my old company. They weren't called Rev ops. They were just the tech team was doing that, but, but I think, yeah, that could be really interesting. I would love to, yeah, speak to Chris, if that would be possible. Yeah,

Cory Johnson  31:08  
sure, I'll message him. But yeah, thanks guys, great to catch up. And anytime let's, let's catch up again

Neil Gursahani  31:13  
soon, dude, for sure, man, thank you for the time. Enjoy, enjoy the dog walk.

Unknown Speaker  31:16  
Thanks for the time,

Speaker 1  31:18  
see ya. Thanks. Ciao, thanks. Why

Neil Gursahani  31:23  
does you keep on leaving.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
