Luca Mische  0:00  
Yeah, they are actually the oldest management consultants in the world, and they are actually active in multiple industries, but also have functional, functional backgrounds, and we are like a classical matrix organization, so to say so we have industry specific, let us say, like an industry focus on several industries, such as automotive, Energy, Utilities, healthcare and stuff like that. But there are many more. And we also have like these functional focus, which includes, for example, strategy, organization, operation, strategy and transformation and so on and so forth. And I'm which is called, like as an overall term is called performance. And I'm in the performance practice as a consultant. And the performance practices is actually focusing on operation, strategy and transformation topics. And I'm have, like, a consulting focus on the topics of procurement and also transformation and strategy topics.

Agostino Calamia  1:18  
And how big is the company like, how many people do work for Arthur D low,

Luca Mische  1:24  
yeah. So we have, like, around, I would say 1500 to 2000 people working there. However, it's like an international company, and the German market is like around, let's say 180 people. Maybe,

Agostino Calamia  1:40  
okay, cool. And what's the main regions you're you're serving like as a company in general, like geographical regions, geographical

Luca Mische  1:49  
let's say that we are across all over the world. But the strongest regions, I would say, are Middle East, sometimes revenue Middle East and Central Europe. So that would mean Germany also also the dark region, so Switzerland and Austria. But we also have like, an Asian footprint. So we are also active in Singapore or in the Netherlands, and we are, like,

Agostino Calamia  2:23  
across all, wherever there's a business opportunity,

Neil Gursahani  2:26  
exactly,

Agostino Calamia  2:30  
nice, that's great. That totally makes sense. And how's the company hierarchy? Or, like, how is it structured? Like, who do you report into? Who's maybe underneath you? Like, can you elaborate on that a bit more? So also,

Luca Mische  2:43  
yeah, sure. Also, that is, let's say, let's take like this. We have a classic consulting hierarchy structure, so we have a partner at the top always, then we have principals underneath, managers, consultants and business analysts. So we have five levels. And within the company itself, there's like, also a little bit of structures, so that we have, for example, managing director in Central Europe, which is Germany and Germany and Switzerland. And then we have always for a practice. So the functional focus that I was referring to, and also the Industry Focus, is always referred to a practice. So energy utilities is one practice. And these practices, they always have, like a practice hat. So this is always a partner. Most of the times, the one with the most experience and the best background. And based on that, it's structured like that. But in total, I would say overall, we then have these projects and within the project that can also be different. For example, my last project, I was on a project with a business analyst and the principal and the partner, the currently running project, I'm only with the manager and the partner. Okay, it's a little bit different all the time. And yeah, that that's happening,

Agostino Calamia  4:13  
that has, that's great. And looking into 2025, what's like, what's the company's goal? Is there a specific goal you, like you as a company have set that you're aiming for?

Luca Mische  4:29  
That's a really good question. That's really good, I think, like the overall goal or slogan that we have is, like it's bigger than us, so to say so, right, that we would like to generate more business opportunity as always. So revenue growth is always a point. And actually, like one point is like that. We also would like to be diverse, and we like have a focus also on the touch point of sustainability as a point so I can speak, for example, for my practice, that we would like to generate more business opportunity. Also, besides the current focus that we have, meaning that we have currently, like, really strong focus on TSOs or transmission system operators. So they have, like, they own the grid, basically, to serve the households with energy. And we have, like, a lot of business there currently, however, we would like to be able to become, get a foot into, also other other industries and other businesses. And obviously that's dependent on the market situation. So automotive energy is not that that big because it's struggling a bit. Yeah, that therefore it's not that big of a business for us. That makes sense. It's fluctuating, like every year, I would say. And how

Agostino Calamia  5:56  
do you, how do you identify these opportunities, like, how do you, how do you decide? Okay, you want to grow our revenue. What should we do next?

Luca Mische  6:05  
No, that's like, hard to hard to say, because I think we have, like, several projects that we are running which are quite similar. Sometimes, let's say, for example, the sustainability aspect becomes more, becomes more gets a bigger role in the industry because of European legislation or European regulation. And therefore we know, okay, that's something that currently also industries will have challenge, and usually it's like this, that partners at our firm, they keep always in touch with client counterparts. So they have always like, yeah, are in connection with certain stakeholders, and usually also have a great network. And sometimes it's like, utilizing or leveraging the network. And sometimes also, you say that in English, I don't know,

Agostino Calamia  7:09  
cardiac fees, like cold outreach. Cold

Luca Mische  7:13  
outreach, yeah, thank you. And that's sometimes the case, but most of the times it's like, like the network that they're using, and sometimes we also will get a referral from clients interesting

Agostino Calamia  7:27  
and when, like very question,

Neil Gursahani  7:30  
Luca, are you responsible for acquiring your own clients or your own projects, or is that just given top down? It's

Luca Mische  7:38  
more, it's more given top down. So this is also dependent on the hierarchy levels that we have. So for example, the business analyst and the consultants, I mean, they always say, if you have new business, then it's nice, however, like we are in the, let's say, in the junior consulting phase, which we also just gain experience, and when you become a manager, and then the levels above manager, they also have the target in their contract where they have to fill the target, which is sales. So and sales need to also acquire clients. And what I'm doing, for example, I'm like in the in between phase between a consultant and the manager I'm supporting when we are writing proposals, for example, so that maybe also, like a fourth pillar for the question that I was answering before you know. So how are we going to acquire new businesses? Sometimes also that the companies are tendering just simply, and then we are just get so we know that there's a tendering process ongoing, and then we will make a proposal based on on the needs of the of the client, to say, then they will receive, like a 30 page package or so how we would approach this problem and how we would structure like a project around it. And they will then see this proposal, and then, which includes also, like a price or a team, and they will then decide, based on the price, on the team and allow our expertise, if that's if we're in the next round, and so and so forth. What's,

Agostino Calamia  9:14  
what does the process of making this proposal look like? Like, let's say, let's say some company like, either that you're already working with, or that you're that centering that says, Hey, I've identified this problem, and you then go about it and write this proposal, like, what are the steps you take to make this proposal?

Luca Mische  9:36  
So usually it's first of all that we will receive, like a request for proposal from the client, like it's an RFP, and they have included, like, a list of things that they have challenges with that they would like to have included, and which also includes some some some requirements and specifics. And based on that, we will try to understand the problem, and then once we understood the problem, I would say that we actually always leverage existing projects for coming up with a solution. Sometimes it's easier because it's sometimes an exact project that we did before. In other parts, it's something that that needs a little bit of shuffling around or tweaking some projects into the direction that we would like to that we need to have it so. Meaning, if we have five projects, and one project is not 100% matching, we will take the best of all of the five projects in order to come up with something,

Agostino Calamia  10:40  
for example, very nice couple, couple questions. Number one,

Neil Gursahani  10:46  
of course, the company is huge. You said between 502,000 employees. So do you know how many cases, like, on average, are you guys doing? Like, can you give me some numbers, like, maybe revenue numbers or like, cases projects that you guys are getting on a yearly basis. So we also understand how big you guys are. And then I think with that, I'm kind of curious, like, when you guys get an RFP, how, like, the process of common How long does it take to, for example, actually give the proposal?

Luca Mische  11:16  
It's really hard. It's really hard to answer the first question. So we have, like, maybe, to clear it up. It's 1500 to 2000 employees, and no worries. And it's hard to answer because we have so I don't have a lot to do with people, for example, from Asia. It's only for certain projects, like, for specific projects, I'm, let's say like we have like we also like, we are really market focused, as it is sometimes, usually in consulting that, for example, as I'm at a client currently in Austria, and they only speak German, that's why we don't Have people from Paris, no team, for example. Check. So, yeah, honestly, I cannot give you an answer to the first question. Okay,

Neil Gursahani  12:10  
maybe the second one, when exactly you get an RFP, like, are you dealing with one RFP at a time, or are you dealing with multiple RFPs at a time? And how much time does it take for you in the research phase, for you to understand fully understand the problem and then create a proposed L to solve the problem? I guess, right? Yeah,

Luca Mische  12:34  
usually. So I think there are multiple proposals at a time, however, different people are serving these, these proposals or these RFPs. So let's say, for example, like a partner at our firm, he has a revenue goal of making 2 million a year. So he has to sell multiple projects a year to come up of this 2 million revenue goal, if he sells one project which is above 2 million great revenue. So it's a good year. It's a good year. And bonus is nice. So that means, if we have like, let's say, in my firm on partner level. Let's say we have like 30 to 40 partners, maybe, and they have multiple proposals, and we not win every proposal. So let's say maybe 5060, proposals a year per partner. So that's a lot. It's a lot of things going on. And sometimes it's something, it's really it's like a classic consulting answer that you get from you. So because it depends if the like, sometimes the partner has a good relationship to the client, then, then the proposal is only one pager. So if we have a new client, then it's usually some more information, also about the company, and also about the problem. And then I would say we can make a proposal rather quick, say one week or so to to come up with it, maybe one and a half weeks, something like that. Sometimes there's, sometimes there's included in the RFP, like a certain timeframe, so that we have landed in at a certain date. And then we work basically around to have like this date solved. As you can imagine. Problems are not sometimes huge. And then we need, like, a huge proposal team with like five people working on a proposal and having multiple expertises included. And sometimes it's like a really small problem, so that we can appear rather quick. So there's like, not that ballpark figure that I can tell you, cost me, like, one week or two weeks, I'd say one to two weeks with multiple

Agostino Calamia  15:02  
people on it. Then, yeah, great.

Neil Gursahani  15:06  
I wish I and my last question and the one to two week thing, are you working full time on that proposal?

Luca Mische  15:13  
No, it's not a full time, not a full time exercise. So usually, usually, you have a case at our firm. So we, we often, if people are not staffed to project, we often use their utilization to to help in proposals, and it can be that they're then working full time, but at least like I was not, I was not on the beach. You said that in console. You I was not on the beach for like, two years now, so I was doing it on the side.

Agostino Calamia  15:49  
Okay, nice. Nice term. Nice term on the beach. Yeah, great. Thanks for for the answer. I think that's super helpful looking at the time. I think we can slowly move over to the demo. And as you can maybe imagine, like we were looking a bit into into the stage of, how do you go from an identified problem to exploring solutions, like, I have a problem, or I have a goal, that could also be, how do I get there, or how do I solve it? And how can this be made as efficient as possible? And obviously that's very similar to how consultants work, or within other companies. It could be a strategy team product managers, and I'm walking you. I'll walk you through a demo now, like for three, four minutes, and at the very end, we just want to get your brutally honest thoughts right. Like, no matter if we were friends or not, if you think it's cool, then say that. Like, if you say it's full fresh, then you would also help me tremendously by just saying, Hey, this is very stupid. So I will share my screen. And again, this is just a very basic click demo, which which we put together, where you have basically your own business consultant in the very first place we can define our problem, which is, let me quickly open it. I didn't open these. Sorry, not prepared. Well, one second, no worries.

Yeah, I'll just type it in manually. So let's say,

Neil Gursahani  17:42  
Yeah, I do can't tell while we say no, it's okay. I think my Wi Fi is tripping out. I'll just

Agostino Calamia  17:55  
walk you through an example that we recently used in another demo so you can type something like, I'm a director of customer support in A, B to B, SaaS company, for example, and I want to reduce my costs by 10% currently it is at 1 million per year, and I have a budget of 10,000 euros for this project, something simple like, obviously, the more info you pass, the more sophisticated it gets. In the next step, you could also add requirements, like you could say that customer support requirement is that the NPS, so the net promoter score. I don't know if you're familiar with it, but it's kind of a measure. How I P customers are should not drop. So the customer satisfaction, even though I reduce cost, should not drop. Then, as a next step, I can type in my company parameters. In our fake company, we make between 10 and 50k or, like, we have a 10 to 50k budget range or company size is, rather,

Luca Mische  19:15  
is the potential client? Or is that?

Agostino Calamia  19:17  
No, no, this is not necessarily. Yeah, this could be the potential client. Like, if you, for example, would use it for one of your clients, you would put in the budget the client has the metrics you want to measure it on, and how big the client is. We stay in the technology sector. And then you could also use type in what tools your current client uses to identify, hey, what? How can we leverage the existing tools, or maybe also add new tools or remove unnecessary tools? In our case, for example, we can use JIRA or Asana as project management tool, and in terms of communication, they, for example, use Slack and Zendesk is a customer support tool that our customers use as well. So this the tools they use

Luca Mische  20:04  
then, like PowerPoint excellence, stuff like that could

Agostino Calamia  20:08  
also be, yeah, exactly. So the Microsoft suite, I don't know right now, we don't have it in here. It's basically just a it's just a click demo. So it's not fully extensive, fully extensive list yet. Let me go next. And now the interesting let's go that obviously doesn't work, but I'll show you an example with GitHub, or rather with JIRA here classic demo. What we could then do is we could connect to GitHub, for example, to access their actual data. And that's what becomes really interesting, because many companies don't use their full knowledge. They have a big knowledge base. They have code, they have JIRA tickets or Asana tickets. They have communication and slack, etc. And to make or find a good solution, and also know the limitations of potential solutions. You could theoretically connect to all these tools so that you have all the knowledge in the back. We could also add some files here, like, if you have company specific files that you want to upload, like, for example, how much does each tool cost? I will do that for example, because I basically just want to add additional information about how expensive is Microsoft Office, or how expensive is Asana or JIRA or whatever, so I can add documents. So it now uploads the documents. It's very quick process, and then in the end, I can also say what I want to get out of it, right? Do I want a business case? Do I want a project plan, implementation, timeline, cost benefit analysis, risk assessment, whatever? Let's just choose project plan, and then it starts the analytic, analysis. And what it does is basically it tries to bring you from the problem you described with all the solutions and integrations and access to the information it has about the company to the expected outcome. And when you have that, you can basically go in a chat like interface, go back and forth to refine it a little bit and have an easy way to share it. And with that, we are trying to make this process from problem identification to solution exploration, just shorter and more standardized while using as much company data as possible. So here, for example, you would have an initial solution. It says, consolidate your project management tools. Because as I click, we use Asana ng round, that doesn't make sense, so it tells you remove that here. It tells you how to use how to optimize Zendesk, because it's quite an expensive tool. In my cost report that I just uploaded, like see how you can really leverage it. It calculates your return on investment based on the costs and the potential savings that I just added through the cost report, here's an implementation approach with exit criteria also, so it tells you when to go from one phase into another, some key considerations, etc, etc. And I'm now really happy. So I could export it to JIRA so my team has action of the tickets to work on, or I just accept the final solution, save it as PDF and wait. I can share this type here, and then have a report that I can share with my with my colleagues, basically. Yeah, I know we're almost on time. Do you have three, four minutes more?

Luca Mische  23:34  
Yeah, sure, perfect. Let me quickly check my calendar meeting anymore. Yeah, no, I've time.

Agostino Calamia  23:45  
That's now the very, very basic version. You're the second person seeing this. Just like raw thoughts, what were the first things that came to your mind?

Luca Mische  23:59  
Um, I think, like, first of all, it's really not a solution, because you will get a report out of it, and that you can basically like, that is, like, AI integrated. So to say, I really like it, and what I was trying to understand, like, like I was trying to understand is, what is the actual target group at the end? Did you define that already, or because I was trying to always match it a little bit to my context of work and like that. What I explained the one side is a proposal would try to gain a new client with understanding a problem and trying to give him a solution and he decides if he wants to do it or not. And the other point is, if I won this proposal, and I met a client, and I have a case and I have a problem, then I have to basically use this proposal and put that into implementation. And there cannot really try. So for me, it's hard to find the link here between, yeah, the software, how it could help me. Then, yeah,

Agostino Calamia  25:00  
that's a great point. I think consultants were initially not our original target group, so we were looking at, for example, customer support or marketing, or also engineering teams that who are not consultants, but could mimic the process by using a tool like this that so a team, for example, that doesn't have a consultant at hand, but wants to have consultant like service that is better than chat GPT, they like that. This was our initial target group, not necessarily consultants. However, in this process, we thought maybe it could also speed up consult or like support consultants in their work, but like, so you're saying you don't really know where you would put it to work on the proposal, or once you want the proposal to make it eligible.

Luca Mische  25:52  
Yeah, exactly because, so if we think, like, if you think the first one through, yeah, if I want, if I don't have the client. Now I want to make a proposal, and I don't know what the budget of the client is, obviously, because I have to give like my, my so what we are calculating is, how many days are we going to spend on this project? Based on this days, we are using like a day rate which has which every level has day rate like, let's say, for example, a consultant costs two and a half 1000 euro per day. Partner, like, that's not fictive figures. Now and then, partner costs 5000 Euros per day. And we know that we will spend 30 days, five days of the partner, and 20 days and 25 days of the consultant. And we know how to calculate, basically the budget, but this budget is our offering, and then, based on this offering, the client says yes or no, this is like the one perspective. So the budget of the client is unclear, and usually also like these certain, let's say, frame parts that you explained in the step step two of the software, they usually really unclear. So what we usually always have is this RFP, and the problem is explained. And based on that we are making like, like, like, we are trying to find a solution. So what would be like a help is if, if I have like a problem, let's say, for example, they have, they have really bad, have a really bad category management, and also that maybe supplier management and stuff like that help or propose them to be better. So and then the steps would be, first of all, to make like a status quo analysis. What do they have at hand? Then the second step? So, really, these high, high level steps for proposal would be even more helpful in order to come up, like, with a whole solution, right? So basically, the project approach that would be like, Help, Okay,

Agostino Calamia  28:12  
interesting. I do understand that. So you saying this is what we voted, just to rephrase it is a little bit in between. Like, it's not like, either it should be high level approach that we that you communicate, or it should be a very detailed action plan that you execute when you when you get the job. And how would that look like for existing customers? Let's say you, you've had an a customer for like, a while already, and you're trying to like, do you actively explore new opportunities? Or do they come with you? Like, do you see that with existing customers in a different a different light? Or do you also think with existing customers, we have other approaches?

Luca Mische  28:56  
I would see it in a bit different light, because here you, for example, understand the problem better. So let's say, from an existing project, I understood that the customer don't, doesn't have, like, for example, a sub supplier management. So let's say, let's make it a little bit. Try to make it a little more clear. So I'm the client, and my supplier is, you have a company to know that's my supplier, and Neil is the sub supplier. And basically, I'm not, I'm trying to understand. So I'm I want to build a house, and I'm going to you Tinu and saying, Okay, I want to build my house. Please. Please help me. And you are going to to kneel, and you say, I need a roof for this house. Please build this room. And then, and then, the problem is that I don't have an influence on Neil, okay, so I want to, I want to make a trend. I want to know how much it costs, like, and let's say, to have, like, a transparency, and I don't have it, and for that type of problems, it is much more helpful. I would say your your your platform that you were showing, because you can exactly type in what the problem is, at least from from what I saw now, in terms of granularity, it would give me more solutions on a specific problem that I was just trying to map out, rather than in the pre phase of of creating, like a proposal or something like that, sorry, just rather than needed more high

Neil Gursahani  30:31  
level. Got it, sorry, to understand. So the pre phase is, so were you saying this? The preface is, let's say it's not standardized at all, because it can go a bit everywhere, because you're still very vague and ambiguous, whereas in the actual project, in this decision, it's more specific,

Luca Mische  30:52  
yeah? And what I just saw is like that, it seems to be more specific. Your solution, yeah,

Neil Gursahani  30:57  
yeah. I think you're definitely hit the nail on the head. I think for this demo, it is, I think it's one direction, but I think what you're giving is pretty interesting, because I think that's what we're trying to understand. How can all of that work that is done in the research phase, and then, let's say, looking at your different documents that are can also give you insight be done in a much more automated or quicker way, rather than spending a week and a half of our time work, it can be done maybe in an hour. I think it really interesting to also get a view of what you guys actually give as a proposal, like as a response to an RFP. Is it? Are you able to, like, share, not like a document, like an RFP, but maybe on a high level? I don't know how you guys do this, but, like, I don't know, high level, let's include an RFP response, or maybe a one pager value without any sensitive data and stuff. So we can also get an idea in terms of what RPG little applies.

Luca Mische  32:02  
Yeah, let me quickly check or let

Agostino Calamia  32:03  
me think about it quickly. It also like it doesn't have to be now now, like, if, if you, if you want to, I don't know if you have three minutes at some point this week and you, you find a document that you can share, or, like a structure that you can share, that would be amazing. Otherwise.

Luca Mische  32:20  
Let me think of, let me think of Australia, like one company in mind. However, the company needs to be like, it's really sanitized, yeah? So we don't we are not, like, I'm not able to disclose, but I can send it to you privately, yeah,

Agostino Calamia  32:34  
yeah, fair, fair. And also, like, Don't get yourself into trouble with anything, right? Like, that's just no,

Luca Mische  32:39  
no, no, of course not. I will send it to you privately, but I will try to not disclose the company. So what are you requesting is like an like an exemplary RFP, or what like proposal would look like, or both,

Agostino Calamia  32:57  
with both, you mean, the RFP. And

Luca Mische  32:59  
so the request was to send you like a proposal and like, sorry, to send like an RFP from the client and a proposal. Or is it only the RFP,

Agostino Calamia  33:12  
if you can send both, both would be great, whatever. Like, yeah, ideally, if you if you can send both, both would be great, if not whatever you can send or what you have available.

Luca Mische  33:21  
Okay, I will try to check probably only RFP as possible, but I will try to check whatever,

Neil Gursahani  33:28  
yeah, for us as well. Like it'll be an interesting exercise. Luca to that whole process of creating a answer for the RFP. We want to see if we want to see if we can actually replicate that for maybe you guys or a consultant, you know. So if we can see, like, oh, what you guys are looking for, maybe we can have another demo and tell us what it would look like, you know, yeah.

Luca Mische  33:51  
And I also answered the question a little bit high level, how we, how we, we come up with, like, this proposal, what is included in a proposal, but limited time, so maybe I can give you some some more insights at another point. So make it a little bit more details. One, because we have easily, like a like a like, like, standardized structure in our proposals. Very

Agostino Calamia  34:19  
interesting. Yeah, that that maybe we come back to that one last question. I know we're already in overtime, and then I'll let you go for the like for the second part. So we talked now a bit about the RFP again and the part before you have it. But let's assume you're in a project already. What would like if you, if you think about a tool like this, it doesn't have to be ours, but something that could support you in the process, when you're already with a company, need to identify a potential solution. What would be a thing that would really, really make your life easier? Whatever it doesn't have to be our solution could be anything like it could be like in your imagination,

more hours in the day

Luca Mische  35:16  
would make my life easier. Would be like to not be on a project, I would say that would make my life easier to answer because we have like several solutions already at hand. So let's answer it. Let's answer it a different way. What made my life easier a couple of months ago was that we at Al have like an like enterprise chat GPT account can use to include company data to disclose, also company data that it's usually not cannot be disclosed with chat GPT. So I think what consultants firms are struggling is that they don't, when they don't have your own enterprise account, they cannot just share client information with chat GPT because it's really restricted. And also, what made my life easier is that we have now this enterprise account so that I can just upload some some data, or some also Excel files, etc, and it helps me to basically communicate with someone that is that has immediately context knowledge without being on the case.

Agostino Calamia  36:37  
Yeah, I get it. So you basically use it just to have to bounce back and forth ideas with chat GPT, then probably,

Luca Mische  36:44  
yes, yeah, nice and like, it's really hard to answer. What would make my life probably, there are several things, but no, but

Agostino Calamia  36:51  
that's, that's a great answer. That's a great answer. Cool, yeah. Because, like, represent up. Now that's also kind of where we compare ourselves to, right? Like, why should someone use our tool versus chat? GPT? And the idea is that our tool, ideally, is integrated with, like your clients, companies, so well that you have all the context in there already. It integrates with, I don't know, all the spreadsheets, with all of this and all of that, so that you have that more more accessible, and you don't need, I

Luca Mische  37:24  
can give you one specific example that I had like that was a couple of months months ago, and we didn't have NDL enterprise. Yes, I had to find, I had to find if the client is, is, if it's possible for our client to engage in the sub supplier management with a supply, like, engage with the supplier with in sub supplier management, if it's contract, contractually legal to do that. Yeah, so and I got like a legal contract which has 200 pages. Then I had like a project agreement which has like 80 pages, and then two or three more documents, we get a lot of stuff. And at this time, I tried to put everything into one AI tool, and then it calls back. Then it got ADL collections, and it didn't find me a solution. So I have had to read everything. Oh no. So man, was such a pain. It would have been helpful to have like one, as you just showed, with your solution, to just include several documents in it, and then to basically chat with it and find a solution. I think that's possible with open sources that are available. However, as consulting firm, you always have this restriction of not disclosing client data at any means, also not with

Agostino Calamia  38:53  
AI tools. Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. Okay, cool. Luca, thank you so much for your for your time.

Neil Gursahani  39:08  
Do you know how much enterprise plan costs? Really good question.

Luca Mische  39:16  
But it would be like, like thinking of it. It would be also maybe a direction to think of your solution having it like having, like, like an enterprise solution included, so that Company F can have an account and that comes share client, client, sensitive information.

Agostino Calamia  39:33  
Yeah, good point. Sorry,

Luca Mische  39:37  
I cannot answer that. Good, all. Good. That's great.

Agostino Calamia  39:40  
Cool. Thank you so much. I owe you multiple beers. I'm in. I'm in this door in end of April for Xena birthday. I don't know if you're there too.

Luca Mische  39:52  
I'm going to be because

Agostino Calamia  39:57  
it's right as well. Nice. So prepare your liver. It's R.

Luca Mische  40:03  
And I really hope. I think that my answers sometimes are you

Agostino Calamia  40:08  
vague No no no, was great was perfect, thank you so much for your time. Cool, thank you so much, man. Have a good Monday.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
