Unknown Speaker  0:00  
It's recording starting, Okay, switching to English. First of all, thanks for taking the time. Very much appreciate it. I know it's Friday, it's late, cold beers. Waiting after our last meeting we which was more focused on, first of all, tax fix in general. And then we also talked to Percy. And then it had our last interview. Had a focus on tools and tool selection a bit from which we want to zoom out a bit more and focus on a different part of a potential, B to B purchasing journey, which is more at the beginning, looking at how do you go from you have a problem slash goal identified, to how do we want to solve it? So this problem, of like, I don't know, we want to be more efficient in our customer support, or we want to grow revenue, or we want to explore new fields, how do we find a good solution, with or without tools, and what's the process? And for that, I wanted to ask you, which was one of the last projects where you were presented a goal or a problem that you yourself had to work on? It could be anything that you're comfortable, comfortable to share. Was there anything in the last few months, or in the last year, or is there anything now, maybe that you currently work? I mean, yeah, I'm just wondering, what is a good example that I choose so it's meaningful that that's what I mean problems there isn't more than enough. But,

Unknown Speaker  1:36  
I mean, we could go many directions. Let us put I can make, like, I can make it, of course, some strategic challenge or some project that evolves out of that we can turn, like, circular ground that we can also talk about a problem in terms of, like, hiring and staffing the team. Like, there's different directions we could go. I'm super open to go well, like, also make a different direction. But what be most useful one generation, that's a good point. Ideally, what we are looking to do is to understand, like this process, just in general, how you do it. Like in between, there are multiple steps, right? If you could choose one of the one of the problems that just covers, maybe different teams, where different teams are involved, where you have a clear goal or like a clear problem, and where you've found a solution that you are really happy with that could be an external tool and Exactly, okay, Good. Then let me think About a good example quickly.

Unknown Speaker  3:12  
Yeah, I mean, like, I've like, I have one example which is maybe not the most cross function, most complex one, but I think it's nice because it has dimensions of tools versus other brilliant that works. And then let me think about, maybe have a second one, brilliant, but basically,

Unknown Speaker  3:31  
last, last

Unknown Speaker  3:35  
summer, I really tried to hire someone else for my team before I leave, right for for parental leave, and we had to, because the role, the role came out of an extra budget due to an acquisition we made. We also had to keep it secret, and had to do it under the radar, and then had to do it, you know, figured out. So, like, basically the standard solution, so there was carbon channels, the standard solution. Do having doing it with talent acquisition was first not possible because it was confidential and we did like they didn't want to involve them. So therefore we opted then we had to find, first of all, okay, let's go for external support. Let's find the right partner to support us. We also then that helps us secretly source someone. We also didn't want to pay a huge retainer, because it's not like a sea level roller, so, right? So we then have to find someone does it kind of of a on a success basis. And that actually turned out to be first a bit, you know, cumbersome, and we talked to some people that didn't really buy it, or didn't find anything meaningful. We then found someone that was actually quite engaged and came to the network of our CEO. So that kind of made sense, and that also worked, was productive, at least, let's say, right? But then what we realized like, so, so it looked really strong at the beginning, like she had a strong initial pipe, and then that, however, dried out quite relatively quickly. And we had a challenge, like a key challenge, like with a few key challenges with her. The one challenge with her was, well, she really tried to kind of sell us a level higher than what we were looking for, right? So she started to basically go beyond the criteria and super senior and but like, also didn't play fully with open cards with us that, you know, these candidates would be looking at some so higher things, you'd also kind of play weird role in these negotiations and drive up the price for us. But we had this time pressure, and we were kind of pushed into doing these things. And then, interestingly,

Unknown Speaker  5:49  
yeah, so we were kind of dependent on her. That didn't work well. So, and then we had two candidates that actually, then, on the final stages, we couldn't, like we were willing to take, but then basically, in the negotiation part and fell apart because I think she made promises we couldn't really keep, and then it didn't scrap anyway. So there was, like, this kind of vendor selection was kind of like under time pressure, imperfect information, constraints on what we could do. And then basically financial constraints also made it harder with the incentives, I think that was quite challenging. And then over time, basically, we were able to publish it, but then we, like, wanted to do it openly, because the deal was done, then we didn't have the resources in house to get help. And then I ended up sourcing it, actually myself, like posting it, sourcing it, distributing it, using our standard tools. And that actually worked much better. It's massive fund. A lot of it started, and I found someone that's now on the team, actually no time that was much cheaper in the good faith. So long story short, I thought it was interesting, because we had several breaking or challenge points along the way. And both, like, supplier selection was difficult and tool, like, also some of the tooling was quite difficult. So it's definitely problem could be solved better. Yeah, that's super that's super interesting. Also, it sounds quite complex starting opening up one of the points you mentioned, you had certain restrictions or constraints that you had to you had to follow. How's the process of gathering this information? How did you, like, how did you come up with these requirements and constraints? I

Unknown Speaker  7:31  
mean, it was relatively I mean, we said the budget, we set a budget for the role which was defined a, well by a bit of the financial reality plus b. I mean, we have like, kind of like, kind of, like, salary bands, etc. Then, I mean, the budget was signed, like, it was a special budget. It was, like, signed up by the CFO and implicitly, then also by the board, not this specific role, but as part of the bigger budget for the transaction. So that was the one piece. And then I think, on the approach how to hire work directly with our, like, talent acquisition, then director, and then with between that person and the CFO find, to identify them, to find the solution for, for, let's say, the headhunters, and then that was really the network driven, right? Like, try to go from what our experts kind of knew, and very pragmatic, okay, no sophisticated process, to be honest, and two questions like the entire process, from you knew you need someone, to you finally hired someone. How long was that process? Yeah. I mean, it depends on how you look at it. I think the initial needs we identified early, probably, I don't know, almost like six months before it was there, because I kept pushing us, like, hey, if that transaction happens, the scope will increase so much, plus I will be out, and we have these lead times on hiring. So let's get started early. Yeah, so that was established very early, but then until the budget was finally approved and released so we could actually start hiring. Like the CEO kept always pushing back, saying, hey, look like we can only start with this really, not waste energy on it once we have certainty on the transaction. And that kind of bragged along a bit, which, of course, also closed my team time window, right? Because I was like, yeah. And then, so it was like, ultimately, a couple of months, I think I like, we, I got them close, really, two, three days before I went in summer on 100 days. And then, yeah, you know, so the effective hiring was probably, I don't know, eight to 10 weeks. Okay, nice, and you said this external vendor, in the end, was not the ideal solution that you were looking for. You also mentioned incomplete information. What like? What made you choose this vendor, and what would you do differently if you would do it again? Good question. Well, I mean, the why did we so? First she had, like, she came with the highest recommendation of our CEO, who a vouch for her from both like, kind of an attitude perspective and also like kind of quality perspective. And then second, I felt like, in the conversation with her, contrary to a lot of other talent acquisition professionals, but also search experts that we had talked to, she was the one that actually like, seemed to get what we need, and then seemed to also have the right network. I think that was really and she was willing to do it right away and for on a non retainer basis, which also, I think, yeah, okay, very nice. And why didn't you consider your own solution that, in the end, worked from the beginning, because at that time, we had to keep the role confidential and the search confidential, because the transaction wasn't closed. So I could, like, my language would be, would have been only to go abroad and post it, and I that I couldn't do, right? So also internally, we would have raised suspicion, so I had to, so that was an option. So I could have done just like, what the recruit like, what that external lady did, basically messaging people on LinkedIn, etc, and that it would have had two advantages, and I can't do my can do my actual job, and two, also with her, like she would, of course, also initially reach out, like, I have this, like, Berlin, blah, blah, blah company that's looking for someone so, like she would, much later also only review the details, yes, and that I would have also not been able to Do. Okay, very interesting. That's a super nice case. Zooming out of that case a little bit when you think about this process of that I just described from you, you have a goal that you want to achieve to we find a solution. I know we talked with Percy, for example, about customer operations. Do you have challenges that tax fix faces every single time, because when we talked with Percy, we had a few coming up. How do you like? Is there something recurring where you say, hey, at tax fix, we do many things well, but in exploring potential solution, whatever that looks like, like service, internal, off the shelf, this is where we still occasionally struggle with. I mean, there's

Unknown Speaker  12:05  
a lot of things we could be better at, but just like, relating to what, oh, were we really struggling with vendors actually, has been our cafeteria downstairs, like, basically, I mean, so I'm not that so much in the details, but basically the first ones, they were just like, really, really shit quality, mediocre quality, and didn't deliver what at least they verbally promised in terms of quality. And let's say the the service staff was, let's say had limited motivation and and then we got a new one just before parental leave, and everyone was really excited, because the food was quite cheap and it was really good and much larger menu, and they were super nice. And then I'm not sure what happened, but when I was back, like since then, we don't have anything there, and they put they kicked them out, and apparently they were about to steal stuff, etc, so we must have made it yet another bad, really bad selection. Yeah, I'm not white, but that seems to be more recurring problem than it should have been. It's funny, but that's more anecdotally, but only it's manual pieces.

Unknown Speaker  13:06  
I mean, I think one challenge, I think we repeatedly have. It's not every day, but repeatedly is, I think, as a scale up, I have two examples for this. I think is like, do you go for some thought? I mean, you're too small to sometimes take the blue chip, very professional data, full fledged solution for certain tooling, and so, for example, for like purchase to pay process, right? And then we took this startup,

Unknown Speaker  13:38  
I mean, it's confidential, right? Like, we took like, COVID as a solution, which is like, and I mean, it's a, I mean both things like, I mean, partly, I think, because of our team. But like, I think the mix of like, not the best project managers to introduce it and run it, but also then I think invitations of the tool and the level of professionalism on their end, I mean, has just made it a nightmare. And I think we have a similar challenge with, I think, our cap table tool, where, I think we said, hey, look, it's a smaller startup. It's probably good enough for what we need. It's not as expensive as like a Morgan Stanley La la la, la la tool, but we'll be seeing now with certain complexity, like we just limits, and so we just use it to manage our visa, yeah, and we don't manage to manage, for example, use it to manage the actual cap table, because we see certain complexities, so that we then go back to Excel and managing it Excel, so that's not a gap. So I think that seems to be a pattern that we have going for probably two small vendors or not professional vendors. Okay, super interesting. And how would you like if you would have to redo the process now for the cap table tool, for example, like, what would you do differently? Or where do you think you missed something in the first place? So

Unknown Speaker  15:03  
I mean, part of it is, I think that was like three years ago or so. So I think time has just changed. The company has become more complex. So I think that, I mean, that that's part of a reality you just need to live with, yeah, otherwise the selection process, I mean, I wasn't deeply involved, right? So I don't want to step on anyone's toes. Sorry, sorry to interrupt, not necessarily only the vendor selection, but also like, maybe the decision to even use a tool to manage care tables. I think what it wasn't like. I think the main problem is like the main two challenges, and I think what we need to change is a it wasn't holistically enough thought through. So basically, they just came from, well, the biggest pain is we're currently managing and our entire, like, list of allocations, getting hundreds of employees, etc. We manage this through spreadsheets and whatever. Yeah, document. I don't know, like, I don't know, like, I don't even want to know how they did it. Yeah. And we now have a tool where it's, like, formally saved, and also you can digitally sign at La, la, la, at least, you know, it's documented, and there's some sort of track record. I think that was the primary need that wasn't focused. But it wasn't focused that, okay, actually, we really like, also, for many other reasons, it's important to really understand and model and the cap table. So basically, that corporate finance angle just fell short, I think, in the considerations, okay, I think that probably the biggest piece. Okay, so interesting. This was the first best batch of questions over the time with the like or like. After a few more interviews we had, we Neil and I, we built a little click dummy that I just want to share with you and walk you through to get your feedback on. So basically, what it is, it's a tool that, in our view, aims to make this process of finding a solution to your goal or problem make it faster and easier. So we would like mentally place it somewhere between chat, GPT prompting, but also consultants that would do the job for you, and in the end, we just like I, in that case, just need your honest thoughts. If you think this is trash, that's super helpful. If you think that's helpful, that's also super helpful. So for that sake, I would quickly share my screen.

Unknown Speaker  17:22  
Um, so it's basically an AI powered business consultant that connects to your knowledge base. That's the that's the key difference to many other tools, that if you want to make decisions about your business, we also need your data. That could be, and I'll go into that a bit later. It could also be your JIRA. It could be your GitHub to no technical limitations or restrictions or whatever. So in that case, here now we could say, I am director of customer support. I think there was an example that we also similarly used with Percy, running a team with 300 people, costing 1 million euro, and

Unknown Speaker  18:06  
I want to save 10% costs over 12 months with a budget for the project of 10k let's Say something like that. Random numbers. Then you could enter requirements from a team. So you now talk, for example, about the corporate, corporate finance aspect that might not have been considered. So the finance team could add something here. We could just add custom support in that case, and say NPS score should not drop. That means, if we have a new solution, because we could also save costs by just cutting people, but then maybe our NPS score would drop. So we go further, you can define your campaign company parameter. So budget is 10k your company a bit bigger. I think technology and success metric is your spend, because that's what we want to measure it on here you can connect to a tool. So we can say, maybe we want to use GitHub, we want to use JIRA, and we also want to leverage, I don't know, Zendesk, for example. Next theoretically, you could then connect to the tools to really access the knowledge. That's obviously nothing that works in a click dummy. And if you want, you can also add additional context. So I prepared a document that is just listing random costs, as you can see here, I just uploaded a cost analysis report which says Zendesk costs 10,000 a year, whatever, but it gives additional context to what we need, and you could provide additional context of what is required, or what what is what for the solution you are looking for. So then uploading the document. And then you can also define an expected output. So maybe you want a business case, or you want a project plan, or also just cost benefit analysis. In our case, we just choose business case, and then what it does now, it failed, obviously, sorry, demo, nevertheless, what it should show actually is then a business case, considering all your information, saying, hey, this was the input you got me, and based on that, I would recommend you this solution with these action steps, and then you can share this or export it to JIRA as tickets directly. So with that, we're trying to, with the inputs that you provided immediately, create basically multiple solutions that you could explore exactly, and that's the okay.

Unknown Speaker  20:43  
So basically, you are, I mean it, I mean it is, well, it is, like, what did I find interesting? Like, it's a very simple way to structure a problem, right? Like, I think that's what a lot of people structure with. How do we start and how to break it down in simple kind of steps? I think that's so that's a problem it solves, right? Because it forces you to a simplify it and be kind of boiled it down to the key information. I think that that is awesome. What I you know, right less from a customer experience piece, like, it's nice because it's so simple and, like, it's easy to use, and I fully understood it. My question, like, if I now put my entrepreneur hat on, is, like, what is the defendable advantage of this? Versus like, I mean, I could probably instruct GPT to do the same. Like, yeah, I'm being relatively structured. I could tell it, hey, look, I want to solve this problem and just provide this as a problem. Like, where's the and I'm not sure what, what's in your mind behind it? Where's where? Where's this going to be? Then, 10x better than taking, I don't know, because, like, even if, like, I could probably, like, should I not do this? Like, and if I do this, well, I can also give the same kind of custom GPT to all my colleagues, and then we have a set of protection. So, like, what's the magic behind our idea is to look or like, set it up in a way that company can actually integrate their tools. So I think what chat GPT is lacking right now is, like, it's great at a wide range of problems, but going really in depth, it lacks it right? Like, you could do market research with chat GPT. You could add these prompts and prompted really well. However, integrating tools like JIRA and maybe access, accessing a customer support project that has happened three years ago that was trying something similar, incorporating that knowledge into a potential business solution is one thing. The other solution could be looking at GitHub and maybe identifying technical limitations, why we cannot integrate Zendesk or use this, or cannot move from another tour like this. Connection between the actual knowledge that exists in the company, which I would assume, and tax fix, is so broad that it's really hard to make a decision based on all the relevant information. Maybe you have 90% of it, or, like, I don't know how much, and incorporating that automatically into, like, the framework that that you're looking at? Yeah, no, that makes sense. Because I think that that's indeed, sometimes the challenge or like that I have like, I'm not disciplined enough, is, like, okay, like to actually make chatgpt Good, I would have to systematically feed it a lot of, like, I don't know, like, for strategy topics, like, lot of our fun, like, I don't know, like, our budget model, blah, probably like, like, whatever market assessments we have, like, I would have to kind of all my, basically, my entire G Drive, plus our notion thing, I'd have to feed it. And I probably still run the risk that, if I just lightly feed it, to be honest, that like, it also takes some kind of data analysis and the idea, because that's not written in documents, right? So that's kind of my that's my challenge. I wonder, like, if I once did the efforts, yeah, then it's still not any I would have to still, in some places, keep it up to date, feed it with additional documents. But I could theoretically do it, and it would help me probably better in strategic decision making or analysis. But if that, of course, does automatically, and it's extra smart about it, then this would be, of course, major value, yeah, and that's a bit, that's a bit something that we're trying to do there, yeah, sorry,

Unknown Speaker  24:19  
that's something we're trying to figure out if structuring like so the two basic components we have or like that we want to look at is structuring this or standardizing this process from problem to solution at the same time incorporating as much knowledge about the company as possible, to make it very personal, because I also looked at other tools on chatgpt, and It requires a lot of effort to do that every single time. How, like, how would you rank? It? Like? Is that something that you experience as a big pain point to make these decisions and these processes? Do you think it's a nice to have like, Where? Where would you Where would you place this?

Unknown Speaker  25:02  
Um,

Unknown Speaker  25:02  
it's, I think it's definitely a problem. It's definitely something again and again that creates quite a lot of work. As another example where we're trying to decide now as a company is actually, do we keep chatgpt Pro for everyone, or do we switch to Google Gemini and now, like a teammate says that, and blah, blah, blah, do all the work that I do, because it's quite a, quite an investment. But, you know, like, if this were to stay like, and then, okay, now we need to think about criteria. So like, this could be, of course, streamlined. It's really keeping theme. So there's definitely efficiency to be gained, and standardization and quality. So that I'm 100% sure I'm I wonder whether people, whether the pain is, whether people, then, would you use another tool to decide on a tool I don't know like, I just really don't know like. It really probably depends on how you market and how good it then really performs like it really blows your mind. That's still hard to assess for me. Yeah, how much better yet? But I think those are the key question, but that is a recurring problem and leads to frustration and has high costs down the line. Yes, sure. Yeah. Okay, very interesting. Yeah, because we like we're slowly starting it to label it as operational excellence with AI to be like the to have these operation processes a bit more streamlined. Yeah, cool. So these were all my questions. We're also on time. I'll stop the recording.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
