Christian Schroers  0:00  
Yeah, depends on what you how do how do you define an agency? But you define it in we consult other companies, and we don't do delivery so much. And agencies do more delivery than maybe discovery and consulting. But maybe that's not a most important

Agostino Calamia  0:19  
still good to clarify with regards to the time, because we only have 30 minutes, and we are trying to interview the most out of you, I wouldn't maybe jump into it without giving you too much context upfront to not bias any any answers you will give us the first 10 minutes will be more general questions about you young digitals. I obviously know a bunch about it already, but I think it's just good to bring Neil up to speed. Second like the second 10 minutes are then focused more on a specific area that we want to drill down on, and the remaining 10 minutes, or a little less, are a mini click demo slash prototype that we want to show you, where we'd like to get some feedback on. And yeah. So with that, I would say, let's dive into it. Did you maybe just introduce your role at young digitals? And also, what young digital what would you do as team? What areas you operate in, like just a high level intro,

Christian Schroers  1:23  
yes, sure, so as well. Hey, you Nice to meet you. I think we had a short contact because we had some questions from our website for something. In the end, it didn't work out because we didn't

Neil Gursahani  1:37  
but it takes a due, yeah, yeah, you're saved in WhatsApp as Chris, yes, friend, that's me, Yes, nice to put a face to the WhatsApp message.

Christian Schroers  1:50  
That's me, right. Yeah, we had young traditions. I think we know, since nine years, start as a consultant, and now want to get as a CEO together as a co CEO. So we had and we consult companies, medium, small companies, also bigger companies, but we focus on medium companies in doing digital innovation and supporting them in implementing a new digital strategy, see how their business can go digital, can change digital or whatever, and try to help them in improving or implementing different methods of agile working, design trends, design Thinking, whether we know Scrum, all these buzzwords, name it, and we teach them how to do it, but also run it and maybe adapt their current strategy to more agile strategy, being able to implement their optimize their Digital Business.

Agostino Calamia  2:58  
Very cool. And what does your customer profile look like? Like you said you you have a right wide range of customers, but which customers would you say are like a good target audience

Christian Schroers  3:11  
that you serve? So at the moment, we have different customers from different industries. We try to focus. We don't have an industry focus because of the methods we do, and are always the same, and it's not important so from finance or from automotive or whatever it is, because whatever we do from method or the strategy perspective, it's pretty similar, but we figured out in the last years that we want to focus more on clients, between 100 and maybe 500 employees, not the startups, because the startups, for us are too young to maybe not easy to consult in a way that they have their plan, their idea, and they may have to make their their own experiences to figure things out and But after three or four years, when they come to a point where say, Okay, now we need to some innovation. We need to change our business, or whatever it is, and they are on the market already, then it's a good point for us to have an entry. So this is the clients where we have our best projects. Whenever we see it's 300 people, then we can stay in contact with the management and so on, and to really change something. For example, at the moment, I'm in a client at NetSuite. It's in Germany, quite big. It's where 1000 people, it's not right, so I have my smaller team and maybe 1500 people. It's more or less fine to change something, but therefore we are too small as a consultancy to change the bigger picture of the company there, Deloitte, ey McKinsey, whatever are made better to have more people to really change the strategy of a big company. So that's very more focused on smaller companies. And if you ask me for a special role, it's more or less CPO, so Chief Product Owner or CTO Chief Technical Officer. Sometimes it's head of product, sometimes it's head of technology, head of engineering. Different names for the roles, but most companies use CPOs, CTOs as names in 100

Agostino Calamia  5:27  
that's amazing, super helpful. And now heading into 2025 what is the goal that you set for young digitals? Or what challenges do you want to master this this year?

Christian Schroers  5:46  
Get more clients now. So for for us, it's always a problem. When I think maybe Tina, we talked about that couple years ago, it's the same problem still. So we're not that many people. So whenever we had a project and we are fully booked, we it doesn't make sense to make sales, because whenever we meet someone, we said, Okay, I need your support. And then we have but we are busy the next four or five months, and all of the projects are pretty spontaneous, so the people come to us and say, Hey, we need your help yesterday. It's always like, can we start next Monday? Do you say, okay, but we need to contract. We need to make concept. It's only done our prices, and they need us next Monday. So whenever we are fully booked, it's pretty hard for us to do sales, and we are not sure yet how we do or how we should do sales, because we stay in contact with our target group. Of course we have, yeah, if you CPOs from that, we already know that change the company or whatever, and you stay in contact, so that it makes it easier for us. Whenever we have no product or we have some capacity, that we can say, okay, hey, we now have capacity. Do you need some help? And so, but it's always like in a On, Off mode. So we do sales, we do a lot of sales, then we get a project, and then sales is done more or less, and we want to do it in a more steady way, to have the opportunity, maybe to also have shorter projects or more consultants to that we so in the future, or in the vision, we have more projects at the same time, so that more or less, every month, projects are starting and ending, and we have more people in our company that it makes us easier to do sales all the time, because we know Okay, next month There are two projects ending so that we can do sales, and months after that, it's another project, I think, so we can do sales in a more steady way. Maybe that's how many, how many teammates

Neil Gursahani  7:50  
do you currently have, or how many people are there in the company? In total, we attend 10. And how many problems do you guys handle? Where, when you guys are busy?

Christian Schroers  8:04  
At the moment, it's seven. So in some of the projects we have is two or in one with three consultants. But yeah, most of the times we are one or two consultants depends. We have some. Some the most projects for us are three to six months at the moment, but we also have, I have another smaller where it's just like weak workshop or something like that. So that's always like dropping in. So it's but learn about that. So that's a good number.

Agostino Calamia  8:36  
Okay, so interesting. And I mean, you now already mentioned a few approaches how you want to achieve that goal of this study, sales or, like, the steady incoming project. What was the process of getting to the approach you just described? Like, can you maybe, like, in two, three sentences, walk us through how you identified that this would be the best solution for you and the team.

Christian Schroers  9:02  
We don't know if it's the best solution, but we figured out that we when we are missing projects, we lose money. Or for us, it's like when so we sell capacity, or we sell people, more or less like our company, that the biggest value are the people, right? So when one of my consultants go to a client, the client pays me per day. So when we have projects and we're fully booked, we make a lot of money, and everything is pretty good. But when there's not a no projects, like I have to pay the consultants and they don't get money, and these drops are pretty, pretty tough. So when we are fully booked, it's like this, and we are like, super rich, and when, when we lose projects, then I pay every month, like, the same salary, a lot of money. So, and we have all the times we have these drops, and in the end of the year, we are close to zero. It's everything works well. So we all pay the salaries and so on. But we don't really make money to save that or do any bigger investments. I mean, we don't have big investments, laptops, no reforms, whatever, new office, whatever. So we can pay for that, but we don't really make money to maybe prepare for for some time where we don't have projects. So in the end, it's always like, okay, hustling be hard in the first half of the year. Then we have the summer break. In the summer time, it's super tough to get new projects, and when you lose the project in June, July, you you know for sure this consultant will be resolved a project until September, October. So I paid three to four months, and I lose everything I won in the first half of the year. So, and that's when you end up until zero. And it's going like this. And we try to canter, these, these bumps to be have that more in a steady way. Hopefully,

Agostino Calamia  11:07  
yeah, that way I get it. That's, that's that makes sense, obviously, the way you described it, and being a bit more specific Now you said earlier, you also do discovery for your clients, for example, or workshops. How does the process look like when a client comes to you with a goal and ask problem, whatever they approach you with, how? What do you do next? How do you try to help them? If you have the capacity, obviously,

Christian Schroers  11:40  
normally, in the beginning, we have an interviewer to figure out what they what they really need, and we can quickly offer what our first intention would be, or what our first idea would be. And most of the times, then we prepare a smaller pitch where we describe our solution, how big it would be, most of the times, in two or three options that you say, Okay, this is like the big version of the bigger solution. This is a smaller solution. Depends on our capacity, but depends also on what the customers able to pay. And then we prepare for them. Sometimes we start with a initial workshop for half a day or full day. And often we do like this that we say, Okay, the first workshops cost you, I don't know, 2000 euros. If you book us afterwards, it's for free. So we don't look good. If you don't book us afterwards, you just normally pay the 2000 euros or whatever that we like, get compensated for that initial, initial work. So yeah, pretty often it's like this, and most of the times. So when we are on that stage, we normally in the projects. So we are pretty good in that phase of having the first contact, preparing a workshop, participate in the workshop with the client, or facilitating the workshop and getting getting

Agostino Calamia  13:07  
booked super cool, and making these proposals or these pitches, like the three different ones that you just described. How long does it take you and the team to come up with it? Like, what the time horizon

Christian Schroers  13:23  
depends could be, could be one day, but also could be a week. So really depends on what does the client need, and if, for example, I now have 14 or 15 bigger projects, and whenever new client comes to me, I remember RPA had the same or similar problem or similar workshop, and they can easily copy paste my report and say, okay, change the name. Say, that's it. Then I'm done up to two hours most of the times a day, to really prepare to some some other research, and to really make sure, yeah, if there's a bigger project. For example, we had one where we, oh, was a client be supporting them in a new APA strategy? So it's a company would want to have more or the opportunity for their clients to directly connect and do their whatever leasing offer within their service. And this is like a bigger API strategy, and therefore you need a little bit longer. And in total, I would say, in a week, sometimes it's over two or three weeks, but you don't work three weeks every day, every second the proposal, but it's like one or two people, two hours here, to there, and after two or three days, we are done and can prepare or prepare proposal, Okay,

Agostino Calamia  14:45  
interesting. And now they're like, it sounds like there's this, or, let me rephrase it, but like, what challenges come across when you when you do that, what is, what is something that you observed? Does

Christian Schroers  15:06  
the client really know what he wants? Often, they, they think they have a or they they want a solution for something. But they, for example, they exactly, now, okay, we need this API, and we come across with, do you? Ask the customers what they need, and they say no. And then it's like, hey, we can propose you how to do this API, but it will not. We already know that we expect this doesn't work out, and then we and the situation should be just bullshit. And say, yeah, for sure, we can do that API. No problem at all. It's just 10 bucks. And go for it. And when you already started, you come along with, ah, it doesn't work. You have to pay more and whatever. Or will be honest, and say, okay, when you want our opinion, we would do it like this, this. This will cost you 30,000 years, but you will be on the safe side after whatever. So this is one challenge for sure. Another challenge is how much energy we want to put it in that first or initial workshop. How sure can we be that the client will book us. That's one reason why we don't go for Australia.

Agostino Calamia  16:28  
It's basically when a consultant, when someone is looking for a consultant agency or an agency or whatever, and they just put out their requirements, and you can apply like as company, you can apply on them, and then it's basically competition on who has the best pitch, right?

Neil Gursahani  16:43  
Is that RFP thing, the request for,

Agostino Calamia  16:47  
yeah, similar, similar process,

Christian Schroers  16:49  
and most of the times it's in public sector, when they it's like, in something official, and they like, asked different companies, and they all have to make the proposal. And in the end, most of the times it's officially, it's not, the decision is not made, but most of the times, the people know who will win. And then you put a lot of energy in your proposal and in this, sorry, someone else won't, and therefore we don't have the capacity. So every day, I have to ask myself, Okay, do you want to work for my client? Or can I put more energy in a proposal for a future project? So we cannot do it in that we don't have, just like there are other companies, the bigger consultancies, they have just teams for these proposals, right? So they have 10 or 20 people just during the proposals every day, just to win more projects. We're not in that position. Super

Agostino Calamia  17:46  
interesting. Chris, one question in between, do you have a hard cut at 30? Because I think we have more questions, but it could be that we are touched longer than 30.

Christian Schroers  17:56  
No, I have my next at 45

Agostino Calamia  18:00  
so easy. Okay, that won't be that one conflict. And you do? You have any question in between before I continue?

Christian Schroers  18:08  
No, please continue so far.

Agostino Calamia  18:11  
Okay, nice. That's great. And if you like, I mean, we now talked a bit about your goals, but also your work at the client. Have you had a project where you you thought you did the right work, but ultimately, look back and thought, Okay, actually, we we went wrong here or there. Has that ever happened and caused any trouble along the way?

Christian Schroers  18:39  
Sure. I mean, in the end, with every every project, you gain more experiences and maybe would do things differently.

Agostino Calamia  18:50  
Do you have an example of that luck?

Christian Schroers  18:56  
So luckily, it didn't turn out as a bad idea on borders into trouble or something like that. But for example, we had a bigger project for Commerzbank, big famous gym Finance Institute, and they wanted to implement customer centricity more into their more into their business development teams, and we consulted them in implementing customer focus area, also inside the special team, and enabling them In methods of customer centricity. The problem, I would say afterwards, is it would be better to teach people directly that work on often and zero garden COVID, the English word so special products. The Commencement had special product teams, and would be better to teach directly these product teams that they can do the delivery by themselves, and we trained like Central special team, and this special team should go to the product teams and teach them. And this would like be one step too much. It would be a good idea, but especially for such a big company, it would be better to spread the knowledge directly into the teams and not into a central, Central Department, because, yeah, they have different individuals, and there are some individuals, especially in the bigger companies, that they want to, are not happy with sharing knowledge all the time. And if you share your knowledge to someone and think, okay, he will share it and he doesn't share then, yeah, in the end, it will not make a big difference, just like sharing information, but it stops at the point, and you don't get to the to the product teams because they're just annoyed. Okay, so it will be an example, for example. So okay, nowadays, when another company would come first with a similar request to implement more customer centricity in the products. I would do it a different way, sure. Okay, very interesting.

Agostino Calamia  21:04  
It's very nice. That's great. I think that helped a lot. I would move over to the click dummy, being aware of the time as well. And to give you, maybe a bit like, slightly deeper, deeper understanding of why we're asking questions and what we're doing is that initially, Neil and I, we looked at A, B to B software purchasing process. So how do companies buy software and what can go wrong? You have different stages, Problem identification, solution exploration, requirement collection, etc, etc, etc. So there are a few stages. It goes back and forth. You have to interact with many teams. And what we are currently looking at is the stage of, if identified problem, what is the right solution like? Is it buying a tool? Is it an in house solution? Is it maybe buying a service? Is it whatever? Like? There are so many factors playing into this, and we are trying to take a look at what this is, which is, I think, kind of similar of a discovery process that you and the team do, or also product teams and other companies do. And for that, we built a little click dummy. You're actually the second person that is seeing it. So what we would like, I would walk you through quickly and then just your brutally honest feedback. Obviously, like, if you say this is helpful, that's helpful for us, if you say this is pure trash, that's also very helpful for us. So in any way you can help us, just with pure honesty. Cool. So this is advisor, basically an AR powered business consultant that has access to your knowledge base, which is one of the very interesting aspects of why we are doing this, because we think that really good solution exploration needs access to company specific data and processes so that you can make personalized recommendations, and not just general GPT recommendations. In that case, I just prepared a case. It works with literally any case, but I took one of a director of operations in a B to C, SaaS, company that wants to make customer support more efficient and has 300 employees, costs of 1 million, and wants to reduce these costs by 10% and has a project budget of 30k for 12 months. So it's just like a random case that we that we came up with, but it's kind of tangible. This is the first stage where you define your problem. You can add some requirements. For example, customer support could say NPS score should not drop, which means, like, the customer should be as satisfied with the new solution as it is, not as the customers now we can look into company specific parameters, like, what's the budget range? We say 10k the company has 300 employees, so it's a bit bigger success. Metrics is euro spent, and you can just personalize it a bit more towards the company you're working with. You can choose tools that a company uses, like, for example, GitHub, you can use, I don't know, project management tool like Jira, for the sake, we also use Slack and Microsoft Teams on purpose. I choose both because they I'll explain it later, and Zendesk as customer support tool to be able, in the next step, to connect to these tools. For example, connect to GitHub, which allows me then to connect to all the information that is available on GitHub or on JIRA or on all the other tools to make better decisions. Then the next step is I could also add personal documents. I will do that with a prepared document that I created a while ago, which is basically just listing costs for certain tools. So it's a cost analysis report. The content is not necessary in that case, the document is then being processed and added to the remaining context. Now we can say what output we want to have. It could be a risk assessment, which would have been maybe interesting in the case you described, and maybe this in between step would have identified as risk. In our case, we just choose a business in this case because we want to pitch it to our boss or whatever, and then we start the analysis. So all of that is obviously being processed by an AI or LLM in the background to come up with a solution that is more specific than chatgpt, and ideally as specific as a consultancy, or should support a consultant with this, but way cheaper and way faster, and here we have the output. We have a show recommendation. So it tells us to consolidate tools, which, because we have slack and Microsoft, it tells us to leverage Zendesk a bit more, etc, etc, calculates us the return on investment which is relevant for the business case. Gives us an implementation approach that we could make more detailed if we give feedback with exit criteria for each stage and so on. So it's basically a full business case, which we can export to JIRA to have tickets immediately available and make it actionable, or we just save it as solution and download it as PDF, which I can hear, where you just have a summary that you can share with a team of requirements and solutions. And that's the initial set of features. So happy to receive your feedback on that.

Christian Schroers  26:52  
Okay, so correctly, it's about you want to understand your tool structure or your two infrastructure and improve upon that, just on the tools, or is it also about improving strategic? I don't know ideas Exactly.

Agostino Calamia  27:13  
It's the second one. The tools, in that case, are more needed because sometimes you have technical limitations, right? Like your code structure doesn't allow solution x or solution epsilon, or maybe you have some limitations that are documented in JIRA, and you want to consider these limitations of whatever guidelines or whatever, and the connection to the tools is more to access all the knowledge you have instead of purely optimizing the tools. Okay.

Christian Schroers  27:42  
Yeah. I mean, it sounds pretty interesting, especially for the companies maybe where they've grown infrastructure over time. So, and I saw that pretty often, that you come into a company and ask, Hey, what is this for? What is this for? Why do we use this? Why do you go like this? Yeah, because we implemented it two years ago. Was someone like this, and because there was one department needed something like this. So that is definitely a case I often see. And the answer is, because we already did like this, so that could be something good, where you say, maybe we do analysis of a status quo notice at the moment to improve that. I'm not sure about the complexity, especially for bigger companies, because you have so many restrictions on how's your security. How about your Where are you people living, working and so on. So every company is totally like, yeah, this complexity, or draw a picture of that complexity as well, because it's not about Slack and Microsoft Teams. In the end, it's about, I don't know also lawn Bucha tools, so payment, roles or tools in the in the background, where the most employees, what the most employees don't see on that one, I'm not sure if it's as well. Would say there's definitely a challenge

Agostino Calamia  29:22  
solution? Yeah, I totally get it. What like is this problem of or like the the solution offer is there in in your process, even a problem that maybe where this step from problem identification to solution exploration takes too much time is often not done as accurate as you want, like various of these, like, is there in this process something that you would like to optimize in your processes? Or do you say we're fine with that?

Christian Schroers  29:53  
You mean, if I want to use it so a customer comes to me, or client comes to me and describe me with the problem, and I use that tool to analyze the client or

Agostino Calamia  30:08  
more. Is there anything in your current process when when you are in that situation, that the client comes to you with the problem in your current process? Is there anything that you would like to optimize to propose a good solution?

Christian Schroers  30:27  
I'm not sure about user interviews, so when I want to understand the situation or the status quo of a client, I also do interviews like you do now, I just go and say, Hey, let's meet up for half an hour and type and so on. And I'm not sure if that would be the part of documents, and I have my interview report and just upload this in the documents, and we will use like that. But other than that, for me, it's hard to compare, because the problems are so different and super individual. So at the moment, I cannot imagine how, what kind of information I should, should put in that tool to really analyze the customer. For example. If I compared to the API example I explained to you, I would not be sure if that would be possible. So at the moment, I cannot imagine, okay, okay, that's good. That's good feedback. Maybe I'm missing some more, some more information, or overthinking it. But, yeah, I cannot imagine at the moment how it would held.

Agostino Calamia  31:50  
That's a fair point. Do you want to ask a question? Otherwise? Yeah,

Neil Gursahani  31:56  
I'm just really curious. One thing, you said that whenever you get a proposal, like, it takes you a day or, like a project to basically dive into it and stuff. What is that whole process? Can you walk me through, like, the entire process of how you actually, like in the day, what you do, and who do you speak to, and what

Christian Schroers  32:17  
do you look at? Firstly, we speak to decide, or the management team of the client to understand the explains, like, what is the current situation? What are you looking for? So have a, not an interview, but like, have a first, first, small workshop, discovery workshop, where we find themselves out. Then most of the times, I structure these information that I really know, okay? I just write it down, because you get information from maybe also different people. And you want to, like, have it, like, on white, on the mirror board or whatever, to really see, okay? And I send it to to my client and say they understood it correctly or not. And then you can, like, interrupt or not. Then that you start, and you don't have a misunderstanding in the very beginning, and after that, I, most of the times, draw a concept of out of this information I got, like, status quo. This is like, for example, the future perspective for what should be the result. And I always try to think in outcomes and not an output. So I try to draw an outcome situation, what the future perspective should look like, because most of the times the output could vary. So depends on the budget, depends on the time we spend, and so on. And then I draw, like an iterative way how to get to that outcome, different opportunities, how it can end up,

Neil Gursahani  33:46  
okay. And then, once you have that whole mapping done, then you present that to the client, yes. You wait for their their verdict, if they say yes or no, and then afterwards, if they do positively want to work with you. That whole because that thing that you created, that's not a strategy, right? That's like a really high level strategy. Or do you go even deeper into that, in terms of, how does that evolve into an execution plan? Is what I'm

Christian Schroers  34:13  
asking. Most of the times, you firstly transfer that into a contract to the client that you know, okay, most of the times we, for example, work with time and material contracts, because we don't for our work. We don't promise a dedicated output. There's okay, you have five APIs running end of the month. We just say, Okay, we have two people working on that problem four months. So that's most of them shall be living or working. But in the contract, of course, we've tried to structure, or try to point out what could be possible solutions that's up on the concept we already did, right? So this is like the initial phase of restarting the project, and then, depending on how big the project is, it for three months, six months, we restart, or Robin could be, for example, that we go into a real strategy process with a client and figure out, okay, you want to implement five APIs. We the first thing we do is doing a strategy loop. And we have a strategy format that is four days, four to five plays with the management team, where I do a strategy loop to challenge the current strategy. And it could be that at the end of the strategy loop, the strategy, the company strategy, or the project strategy, for example, changes. And I won't that be like doing doing our work. Okay, thank you.

Agostino Calamia  35:47  
Yeah, super interesting. I think part parts of what you just described, like having this initial workshop to collect the requirements to ask all these questions. I think that's something we try to mimic with, for example, like the requirements, or also, like pulling from your previous project information into a potential solution, is basically this upload functionality that we so I think, like, we try to pick up on some parts of this discovery process, but probably didn't, like, didn't integrate them fully. Like, because when you're talking about it, I resonated with the process, and was kind of thinking of like, Why did I not translate this, this message? But it's super interesting, very, very good points.

Christian Schroers  36:29  
Yeah. But it's also like, so for us, all our projects are really different, so it's not easy to compare them. And that's, I think that's why it's, at the moment, pretty hard for me, because every project looks so, so different to see, okay, could that work for the next one? Because I don't know, whatever the clients ask me in the next project. For example, sometimes it's super important to have a stakeholder map, right? Sometimes I don't care about the stakeholder at all. And of course, we have, like, our bunch of templates. And whenever I go there, I prepare myself and say, Okay, for this kind of scenario, I will need definitely stakeholder map or business case or whatever, and others. It's like, just okay. I prepare some agile methods, the basics of Scrum, the basics of basics of OKR, and it's just about implementing the OKR process in a company, and I will not need a stakeholder map in that case, for example. So that's why the process always looks a little different, interesting. Gotcha,

Agostino Calamia  37:33  
that's great looking at the time we've 10 minutes over. Thank you so much for your time. Thanks for the input that was super helpful. Really, really in depth. And yeah, let's catch up soon. I don't know if you're interested of over over Easter, but

Christian Schroers  37:53  
not yet, but I will be over carnival. Nice in February. Very nice, Marie, my wife wants to see it, and we want to go to the sort of and to Cologne for her. That's hard. Yeah, I'm pretty sure we'll be also around Eastern I think I have to, because we skipped Christmas this year in Thailand, and I think my family really wants to, I'm not sure if I'm able to have an excuse for Christmas and Eastern I think

Agostino Calamia  38:27  
so. Yeah, I might be there maybe sort of, then,

Christian Schroers  38:33  
if you have any any questions so far afterwards, to call me so whenever you need something, always happy to share something.

Agostino Calamia  38:44  
Thank you so much. Thank you. Thanks and chat to

Christian Schroers  38:49  
you soon. Bye, bye.

Agostino Calamia  38:53  
Give me a second. I need to go to The bathroom.

Neil Gursahani  38:56  
Okay, Cool. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
