Neil Gursahani  0:01  
Oops. Oh, good. Nice. Sorry, nice. So we got connected to you via Marcus, of course, because you work with Marcus, and we're actually collaborating with Marcus on a little like side project that we're currently exploring right now. He basically told me that, or told us sorry that you are the head of HR currently at at at enrich, and you guys are kind of thinking about how to use AI, let's say, to make things a bit more efficient. I think that was like the that was a thought process that Mark Marcus connected us with you, and is that the case? Because if so, that's what I would love to talk about that.

Darya Vasiuk  0:47  
Well, I think that the baseline would be that the Marcus is super excited about using AI. I'm a bit more skeptical, but come on, like it's almost impossible to avoid that in 2025 so we definitely are evaluating different options, yeah, but I can't say that we found something that would be would be great. And the problem is that not all the problems can be solved with AI. The biggest, the biggest issue that I see here, and something that we kind of three might many times discussed with Marcus, that our processes are definitely not the best. We are pretty theoretical in terms of like, how we approach to work management and how we approach to cross team collaboration. We don't have, I see that as we don't have necessary data to use AI for, like, optimization, because, like, AI can't create things for you. It can, like, analyze what you already have and make suggestions. But we don't have the basis yet. So I can say that now we are mostly focused on finding a solution and how to digitalize the operations and how to build this pretty much anti fragile operational system within the company, really data driven to ensure that we measure everything we can measure we have the centralized way of storing The data, something like the data warehouse or data lake, and then as the next layer over that, we definitely will be using AI as much as we can. Yeah, so now I can say that AI usage is more like ad hoc, and we're using more like an opportunistic approach for some different functions, and it's not centralized, definitely

Neil Gursahani  2:45  
okay. Why exactly are you currently exploring the use of AI to make this efficient? And like, how did that kind of topic come up within the company?

Darya Vasiuk  2:59  
Well, I think, like, the reasoning would be the same as everywhere. Is it even possible to avoid that, that kind of noise that is around AI, mostly two years now. So I think that we started with the individual usage for AI, mostly for llms, like chat, GPT, perplexity, etc. So individual contributors were using that, but it's not the most efficient and not the most secure way for them using their personal accounts. So we decided to switch to more like corporate level for using LLM. So I think for that purpose, we're kind of, at least we're giving them the opportunity to use that for their daily, daily jobs. Other than that, I'm not, I don't think we're using that pretty much in the organization. I think, like I said, everywhere, we're trying to make the communication more effective, like with meeting notes and AI powered like summarizers, etc. But again, it's not connected to the real task management usually. So you have the meeting notes and summarizers in one place, you have your task management and other place, and thanks God, if it would be in parallel or something, not just in your paper notebook. People are receiving tasks everywhere on the call, like on one on ones on the team calls in Slack by email, on the customer meetings, and they need to still manually add it somewhere, even though, even if they use some kind of like a summarizer, it won't solve the problem in Slack or other tools, or having an offline workshop when people were talking without using the digital communication tools. So we're now mostly looking at something that will connect all the dots and we will be happy if it would be like aI first solution, but I'm not sure if I can find something on the market right now. To be honest, it's pretty much sharing my own experience. I have been to Lisbon this year on that summit. It was all about the AI, but to be honest, it was mostly about different players over the chat GPT, so lots of chat bots, compilers, etc. When you just like having chat GPT wrapped in different fancy looking UI, it wasn't really about the core. So I'm pretty much curious about exploring AI, really AI first solutions, not just like different layers of chat GPT, yeah,

Neil Gursahani  5:39  
yeah, that's fair. I think a lot of solutions currently in the game. I think this year, at the end of the year, we're going to really find the difference, like the air big players that are actually making big strides in AI, and then the fakes, like the wrappers and everything like that. So I think this conversation is going to help this a lot, because we're trying to create a solution that's ideally in the first bucket. So it'll be really cool to hear a lot about your pain points or that you're discussing, maybe zooming out a bit, of course, currently you're the head of HR at enrich. I'm curious, because obviously I know a lot about enrich via Marcus already, but maybe if I can understand a bit about your role specifically and how involved are you with other departments, what are the other departments as well? I think it can me, give me a full over, like side into, yeah, how you guys are currently set up?

Darya Vasiuk  6:29  
So basically, it's the typical people person role. So I'm responsible for all the people processes, from hiring to performance management to retention, to exit interviews, everything, everything. But as we're still pretty much in a startup mode. So I'm trying to fit as many loopholes as I can. So basically I'm also partially, I can't say that I am responsible for the operations, because we don't have the specific person who will be responsible for the operations, but we definitely have a problem with operational efficiency and organizational health, so I'm covering that as well right now. Okay,

Neil Gursahani  7:15  
who would ideally like, Because currently, who would actually be in charge of the operational efficiency. Is it? Would it be the COO, or is there another operations team? Or, like, how would you envision that,

Darya Vasiuk  7:28  
more likely for the company of our size, it would be head of operations, because where we don't have that many C level people yet in the organization, so I'm not sure if we are ready for CEO. So maybe, some somebody, yeah, not sure, because, like this, responsibility can, can lay in different, really areas. It can be CEO, if we want to include, because we have revenue operations, so it's covering operations partially, but only for the revenue team. So we don't need somebody who will, you know, duplicate the same responsibilities. So, I'm not sure more like this kind of CEO person, okay,

Neil Gursahani  8:04  
how big is enrich right now? What is your employee size? I think around 5050. Okay, 50 full timers. Okay, check got it. And initially in the call, you mentioned that there was a big disconnect between a lot of these different tools that are not speaking together, right? Of course, you said that your your kind of functionality is around people management, but within the problem statement, you also mentioned that there is a disconnect between customer operations and these like other departments. Can you go a bit deeper into that? Like, first of all, how are you aware of these different areas within within the department as well? Do you speak to different leaders? And yeah, maybe we can start with that

Darya Vasiuk  8:50  
one. Actually, yes, because, like, leadership enablement is one, one of the biggest talks for myself last year and this year as well, because most of our leaders within the company, they are either not very experienced leaders or even full first timers. So we're doing a lot in terms of like leadership enablement. So I'm doing the coaching with them. That's why I'm usually aware about the problems that they have. Also, I'm participating in all the management management meetings, and kind of try them to find the middle ground when they decide that they want to be aligned, because we talk a lot about marketing and sales alignment, but it's not enough just to decide that, hey, we want to be aligned. Now you also need to have the proper tooling to ensure that you really can be that. And the main problem here, as I see that company of our size, size usually, I have to say it's usually manual reporting, so you don't have the working operational system to be able to see what's happening in the company asynchronously. So every time CEO of the company wants to know what's happening with our customer support or marketing, he needs to ping somebody from the team to check that you can have the numbers, but mostly revenue related numbers and HubSpot so you can see that revenue is growing. But how can you know that it's growing in a healthy way? When revenue is growing doesn't mean that your organization is moving into the right direction. It can be like in short term, right direction, but strategically, it's not so every company should be able to have some health metrics to ensure that we all know how things are going based on the data, not just menu reporting on or someone got gut feeling. So that's also about the alignment. So currently, when teams are team, teams decided that they want to be aligned how it works. So we discussed something within our team, and to ensure that we notified another team, we need to proactively go to other team and say to them, if you have a lot of things to do at the same time, more likely you will miss 30% of the information that you really need to share with someone, but if you're backed with the necessary tooling, when you have your meeting notes and a summarizer that is connected to your work management system, and when AI can help you to detect, for example, like who should be responsible for what from the action items you have after the meeting, and it can automatically add some tasks into the task management tool so you can, like, sure that everything that you discussed during the call, then was spread across the organization, and everyone is aware about what's happening. But now it doesn't work this way, and I'm not sure if there is any tool that can do so and will be still compliant for the company in Europe? Yeah, that's the tricky part. Okay,

Neil Gursahani  12:10  
so, so what you're saying is that, of course, that the pain point that you're seeing is that you have a lot of meetings, right? Of course, with different different teams, and at the end of a meeting, you have, of course, like your notes being summarized by a tool, but also the relevant action points. And currently, the action points are not being or like, the way to actually spread the action points and update everyone within the company is currently really done in a manual way, and that is very inefficient, and sometimes it causes slips to happen is, did I hit that summary correctly, or did I miss anything of importance?

Darya Vasiuk  12:49  
Yeah, like, that's the general idea. Okay,

Neil Gursahani  12:52  
how this, obviously, this pain point has been mentioned by you. But who else has mentioned how big this pain point is within the company that this manual way of actually updating is a bit of a pain

Darya Vasiuk  13:05  
almost everyone that's something that is circling around the company for almost a year, that we need to solve some that to solve this somehow. But no one is really, no one really wants to take a lead in that. So here I am

Neil Gursahani  13:22  
okay. So for a year already, you guys have been experiencing this pain point of not having an efficient like task process after a meeting,

Darya Vasiuk  13:32  
not only the task process, but also like updating relevant people about decision being made and the basis for that decision, this was also not only by the management team about the decision and the reasoning behind the decision is mostly the pain point for individual contributors, for whom it's really important to know the you know the reasoning behind decisions, because otherwise they feel a bit disconnected from the company strategy. So being able to share the current relevant information to relevant people, as well as giving tasks and checking the updates, because it's not on again, it's not enough just to set task. Okay, you said task, you set the deadline. But what's next? How to prioritize tasks in your list, how to align your priorities with the team priorities and the company priorities. How to connect that with company, OKR and overall strategy. So this is just like it feels like a huge chaos that AI can help to connect, but I'm waiting for solution,

Neil Gursahani  14:49  
yeah, for sure. Okay, by the way, thank you very much for sharing a lot of these pain points. I think I'm learning a lot about it. I want to just go a bit continue going bit deeper, like, can you maybe tell me an exact use case, for instance, after a meeting where this happened to you and that it caused a lot of pain to maybe the C level management who wanted to update the individual contributors who also didn't get an update. So it makes a bit more specific to me, as recent as recent as it could be. IDD,

Darya Vasiuk  15:26  
okay, well, from, maybe from the most recent ones, that's some something that will be maybe related to specifically people operations, because, like, here I can maybe dive deeper. So for example, we have, we need to hire an account executive. We have something like a process for that, and we have a hiring manager, two of them, basically, we have the CEO who is involved into the process, because he need to approve the need for hiring, and also the budget and some other things that we need to discuss in terms of, like location, some specific responsibilities this person will be covering. We have the finance team who is involved to ensure that we have enough budget to to hire this role. Now we have the illegal team who is involved, so they need to ensure that we can sign the contract in the most compliant way. So the location we've chosen is is a fit for us, because we are distributed international company, yes, and with so many stakeholders. So how it works in practice, hiring manager go to the CEO, they discuss the need for the hiring, and hiring manager is receiving the preliminary agreement and preliminary improvement or this hire, then CEO comes to the finance team and saying that, hey, we need to hire this person. Please let me know. What if we can afford that from the budget perspective, then the hiring manager come to the finance saying that, hey, this would be the salary range for this, for this role. Is it possible, from the budget perspective, that hiring manager come to me saying that, hey, this is the budget, this is the role requirements, etc. I need to go to the finance to double check if they understood to get each other correctly, because everything is discussed on calls, so I can't be sure that there wasn't misalignment, but we are talking about the budget. That's a really important topic, so I double checked the budget. We opened the role. We start interviewing process. For example, it took us three months and still no result. We need to change something. I have my conversations with the hiring manager about how we can change the strategy. Hiring Manager is reporting to CEO, saying that, hey, we have some troubles with hiring the role, and they make some decisions. For example, put this role on hold. But hiring manager is super busy. He has too many workload and too many priorities, and he waits for another sync with the people team to update them that this role is on hold, but it can be a week, so people team is spending additional week to work on the role that was put on hold a week ago, just simply because it was a manual process. Somebody missed something, etc, etc. So it's taken so many steps to update each other. And it's not only about that. It's basically working the same way for other teams as well, because there is no you know process in place with the specific tooling or specific update updating like processes,

Neil Gursahani  19:02  
okay, um, this example that you mentioned regarding, especially regarding the week long waits between the hiring manager updating his, uh, his team. Is that an actual example is that would actually happen with an enrich it took a week for that to happen. Wow, wow. That's very, very, very long and very, yeah, it's very waste of time,

Darya Vasiuk  19:24  
yeah? And like hiring manager fully under understand that. But with a lot of workload, managers in startups are super overloaded, usually. So that's that's not really an issue in the specific manager,

Neil Gursahani  19:38  
okay? And out of curiosity. So within the week long of wait time that the manager had. So we can wrap up this example, how many people were actually waiting for his update or working on his update with outdated information. So I'm kind of trying to quantify how much time was wasted. Time was spent.

Darya Vasiuk  19:59  
I don't really remember, but the people team like continue working on the pipeline, so around maybe 250 applicants was reviewed during this week. Is like process was ongoing. We had maybe five to six introduction interviews with an HR because the process was ongoing. So I think it's about maybe the full day of work was spent just simply because of this lack of communication.

Neil Gursahani  20:33  
Okay, wow. Like a full at one person's full time, like eight hours of work was actually lost during this, uh, outdated period of being updated, okay? And obviously this thing that you mentioned is, is a first of all. Thank you very, very, very much for this really specific example in the HR world. You said that this kind of inefficiency is also seen in other teams, right? You're hearing it in the marketing team. You're hearing it in what are the other teams as well and enrich and you say, like, you know, experience the same point very frequently.

Darya Vasiuk  21:05  
It's basically the same like there are a lot of specific examples we had issues with, like messaging, having too many teams responsible for the brand, messaging, marketing, sales, development, account executives, all three teams are having three different messaging to customers, just simply because we don't have a proper like tooling to align on that we had, for example, an offline workshop companies spent pretty well, I can say that it was like a fortune, but still, we spent some money on organizing that to fly. I don't know 12 people to another country to meet in person, because, like, we work fully remotely, but sometimes we're doing offline workshops, and we wait for this sessions to be effective. But 12 people gathered together almost two weeks ago. They decided something, but no one knows what they decided. So we don't have the proper updating process here as well, because we don't have, like, one responsible person for wrapping everything up, but maybe having a tool that can do so, yeah, would solve really, like, a lot of a lot of problems, because the decision that was made will affect all the teams involved into the discussion. So more likely q1 objectives would be changed based on that decision. But we are postponing that simply because it's a manual job to do some wrap up, some updates, etc.

Neil Gursahani  22:45  
Interesting. So that that meeting that I think you guys had in Turkey, what was it all the management team that actually came those 12, those 12 leaders of the team,

Darya Vasiuk  22:57  
not all the management team. It was for go to market team for the first two days, and it was for r&d team for seven two days. Okay, so basically, it was two different workshops.

Neil Gursahani  23:09  
Okay, so the r&d team and the go to market team, of course, for for enrich, and after this, this meeting in Turkey, a lot of course notes and stuff would happen. But the was there any meeting leader, or any person that organized that meeting itself who was responsible for also giving a summary, or that just kind of fell through the cracks?

Darya Vasiuk  23:30  
Marcus? Well,

Neil Gursahani  23:31  
Marcus, okay, yeah, when Marcus is very busy, yeah, okay, I guess that that also happens when I think you have a small company like energy, 50 people, and the CEO is so actively involved, right? Who is? I think it's very tough to do that. Okay? And you said that currently you, you guys, postponed something because of this, like, what relating to q1 can you tell me exactly, what exactly did you postpone?

Darya Vasiuk  23:58  
It's not about postponing. It's about the change, because some they gather together to discuss the strategy for 2025 but definitely their decision that was made on the on the workshop will affect the tier one objectives, because this is the strategic solutions, and we are more likely will have some changes, but it's almost full month of the quarter past already. Yeah. So this is really, that's, that's the problem. And the second problem here is that, because maybe I haven't mentioned that AI can be a really like, if you have, if you have enough data, AI can really help you to analyze things. So to highlight some health health metrics and to ping you every time when health metrics are out, I don't know like, off track. So you can have a really working machine that will trigger some actions like notification by email or in Slack every time when, when something is going is going wrong. But just like imagine, in this manual process of manual, manually informing people about the issues, how much time it will take individual contributor is telling something to their manager. Manager should come to their manager, and this manager should come to the CEO to say that we have an issue. Yeah, in this process, it can take like two days or three days, depending on the availability, depending on the personal suggestion of how this issue is critical or not, but we have four people involved. Four people could have different thoughts about how, how critical this issue is, yeah, depending on that, we can have, like, really, really big problems to be honest, where AI can really help you, because within the AI, this is really objective. Again, really objective. You just, like, exclude the person from the process, which is like, a me, okay, COVID,

Neil Gursahani  26:12  
some time. I want to dive into some of the tools that you guys use, where you say a lot of these, like places, where are the areas where all of these decisions happen. So, of course, you mentioned online and offline and regarding like, like, what are the tools that you guys are currently using that helps to facilitate that? For example, if you have an online meeting, right? You guys have a note taker. What is the name of that note taker? What is like your communication channel? Like, like, yeah, the main tools that you guys use to house all this information that you think one, let's say hypothetical AI tool would would need to, like, tap into to get all

Darya Vasiuk  26:49  
this so currently, we are using slack for corporate messaging. We're using J suit. We are using Atlassian package for JIRA and Confluence for note taking. Sales team is using one thing on the company level. We don't use anything like systematically, because here the biggest issue, like we're testing Gemini from Google, but it's not the best, it seemed to the best solution in terms of the security and GDPR compliance, because most of the AI note taker bots on the market, they are like American companies, and unfortunately, they can't pass the supplier review in terms of the data privacy. So I think that's mostly it in terms of, like, the operational system of the company, check,

Neil Gursahani  27:40  
okay. And on February 2, of course, the very first, let's say, phase of the AI act starts here in Europe. And how is that currently impacting the different AI tools, or tools that you have generally at enrich

Darya Vasiuk  27:58  
I don't think it will influence, more likely it would influence the product, product part of enrich product, the AI that we are offering to our customers. But it wouldn't really influence the way we use that. As I said before, we're not using that systematically that much. Okay. It will influence the supplier review process. It would be an addition to general GDPR review. Would be aI review as well, but only, only like that. Yeah,

Neil Gursahani  28:29  
okay. I I understand cool. I think looking at my questions and the things that I've been trying to evaluate, and also COVID, some time, I think I've hit all my questions so far. Tino, are there any questions from your end that I that, in addition, I popped up, I'll get to know all answered. Cool. Then I'm going to ask you one last thing, actually, I just thought about it. Daria, I would love because of course, you have other maybe teammates within enrich or within your friends and other companies that maybe I was wondering if maybe also experiences pain point. I was wondering if there's anyone that you could recommend I speak to, because a lot of the things that you mentioned today, I think are really gold, and I think someone should be solving them. And I'd love to speak to more people who experience a similar pain point so we can maybe try and solve it.

Darya Vasiuk  29:24  
If you can share me some kind of a summary I can share with people, I think can be a good fit, so they can be aware of what I'm offering. Not, you know, just like trying to invite them into some AI, hidden organization would be, would be great if they have some pitch or list of questions they need to prepare so they can evaluate if they're interesting to participate. 100%

Neil Gursahani  29:50  
currently we have zero product or tool. I think it's really where we're exploring it from a problem focus, because our thesis is how to make a company's 10x more efficient with AI. That's kind of maybe, let's say, our hypothesis and question, and from that, we're trying to understand, what are the different avenues. So I can send you a few problem statements and a few questions, but it'll be very, very high level. So no. FY,

Darya Vasiuk  30:15  
yeah, at least. At least something would be better than nothing. So sounds good. Then I

Neil Gursahani  30:20  
follow. I'm gonna write that down. I'll follow up with you after this meeting with with with that.

Darya Vasiuk  30:26  
Thank you. Cool,

Neil Gursahani  30:27  
thank you very, very, very, very much. Daria. Thanks a lot.

Darya Vasiuk  30:33  
Yeah. Likewise, have a nice weekend ahead. You

Neil Gursahani  30:35  
too, you too. Goodbye. Take care.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
