Kate Busby  0:00  
Right, but the idea is to bring English to people online so super accessible. We're experimenting with freemium now, so before it was totally paid, we're kind of doing the reverse Duolingo. We're starting with the paid offer, moving to the free one, so that we can hopefully blitzscale our community. Because at the moment, we are around about 60,000 active users, but the idea and the ambition is to get into the millions, right, like any self respecting edtech with a mission. So that's novakid in a in a nutshell, and I've been there for about a year. I worked initially in social media, PR and influencer marketing, so on the organic side of the marketing suite, got a promotion to basically lead the marketing team in general. So it was 55 reports. It was a first time for me, so it was an awesome career opportunity. And then I've recently moved into brands, so the company is very paid ads dependent, like a lot of fast moving companies that sprung up in ed tech around the pandemic. And you know, that's obviously served the company well, but it wants to look at a broader and longer term plan, not just to be reliant on paid ads, but to actually have a brand that people remember. So, so that's the kind of driver behind creating a brand function, because it didn't exist before.

Neil Gursahani  1:19  
Nice, nice. So back to the company. So I'm really interesting. So you have 60,000 kind of students so far. How many employees do you guys currently have? And like, what would you say is, like, your annual revenue to date?

Kate Busby  1:32  
Yeah. So it's a private company, so I feel a little uncomfortable disclosing like, numbers, but basically 400 in house employees distributed around the world. It's 100% remote company. And in terms of actual contractors, teachers, there are about 2000 check more or less. And recruiting all the time. That community is growing pretty fast, check,

Neil Gursahani  1:56  
check. And what are the main like markets that your student, that you operate in, and all your students are in,

Kate Busby  2:05  
yeah. So the main markets that we're in are the Middle East and Asia. I would say, like we've got a presence in Europe, but I would say that English language learning outside of school is kind of a nice to have for European parents, whereas in Turkey, Romania, Saudi Arabia, like the other countries, where either the infrastructure for English language learning is at such a low level in public schools, or there's just a natural maturity, like in the Far East, there's a natural maturity towards digital learning. It's kind of like everyone does it. Those markets are the ones that really took off. So Europe is always, for us, a bit of a struggle. I would say it's growing, definitely. But I do feel that. And I live in Spain, right? And I talk to parents, a lot of them are very anti screens, like they're fighting the fight, right, like they're saying, I don't want to give my my kid this, but we're in the restaurant, okay, let's give the kid that ill at ease kind of relationship with screens that makes the European portfolio pretty tough for us.

Neil Gursahani  3:07  
Gotcha? Yeah, of course, there must be a balance of sorts. Okay, so I got that, and of course you mentioned that you've been working at NOVA kid initially you started, or you were previously a marketing director, and now you're brand director, previously the marketing director, I saw that you were leading a team of 55 reps, and now as a brand director, for the past few months, how big is that team that you're currently leading,

Kate Busby  3:32  
pretty much half of the team. So I would say 23 people out of 55 so just under half. That does not reflect our budgeting at the moment. So brand is still a minor investment compared to paid ads, performance, marketing investment, but the ambition is it over the next three years, five years, to make that more balanced, right? I mean, I think if we get to 4060, brand performance, we're in a good spot. I don't think we're ever going to get to the 6040, brand performance. I mean, that's the dream, but I think only the likes of Coca Cola and Nike can get away with that. But yeah, the team is slightly less than half of the marketing ops outfit.

Neil Gursahani  4:13  
Cool. Yeah, you have a really interesting challenge ahead of you, especially taking on Duolingo, but also like bringing the needs of brand to the company. And I wish you best luck. Of that, of course, it's, I've gone against, like, brand teams. Who are? It's always like a bit of a dance, you know? And I was curious to, like, you currently have a team, or, like, of 23 people, what is like the structure like? Because, of course, you're, you're the, you're the brand director. Is there anyone above you? And, like, what are the layers below?

Kate Busby  4:38  
So, reporting to the CEO, and then below, I guess, we've got the creative team, so the actual creative production, very good team. That's probably most of those 23 people, basically. And then after that, we've got the social media team, the influence marketing team, the PR team, and that is more or less it. So we kind of have the organic marketing channels plus the creative production muscle,

Neil Gursahani  5:03  
okay, and of course, your your your geographic markets that you serve are more like AI, like you said, Middle East and like Asia, like, like, around east. Or is that where most of your team is based? Or most, like, where is most of your team based?

Kate Busby  5:15  
Most of the team is based in Russia, okay? I think I'm one of the very few people that's in Spain. I think there's maybe about three or four of us in Spain. We're all of different nationalities, but most of the company is actually of Russian ethnicity. Check,

Neil Gursahani  5:32  
okay, and of course, you mentioned the marketing budget. It's one of the higher budgets in the company. Can you without disclosing the exact number. Maybe, can you tell me around a percentage of what that entails, like, of the, yeah, if you know.

Kate Busby  5:47  
So, like, maybe break it down for me. Like, what do you want to know? Like, in terms of, like, how much money we spend on marketing versus sales, for example, or marketing GTM versus, I don't know product, like, maybe break it down, because in every company, it's a little different.

Neil Gursahani  6:01  
Yeah, I guess I'm really curious, like, what is the total marketing budget allocated, as opposed to maybe, maybe sales and brand, yeah, kind of related to those functions particularly,

Kate Busby  6:14  
yeah, well, I think maybe one interesting statistic I can share is that our return on ad spend is four to one, meaning that we're a profitable company, and that what we put in, we get four times back. And that is something that we enjoyed during the pandemic, obviously, because kids were locked in their houses and needed some kind of education. In 2022 we did not get that. We were pretty much breaking even. And then there's been a sort of recovery in 2023. To 2024 where we're growing 40% year on year and getting this four to one return on ad spend. So a very healthy company, very fast growth in terms of what we allocate marketing to, sales, etc. So without disclosing numbers, marketing is the sole source of leads. There are no portals. There are no like affiliates, third parties, who are filtering in customers for us. No, everything is through marketing. And the sales team, however, is probably three times the size as the marketing team. So we have about 55 people in marketing. We have three times that in sales, but that's because we want to have that geographical reach and people who can speak the native language in, you know, like 40 markets, right? So that gives you an idea, maybe about head count. But it's true that we're sourcing people locally in markets where the average salary is not average salary of the United States for an SDR, right? So I guess from there you can maybe make some deductions. I would say that the marketing and sales like headcount is probably almost equal. It's just that, you know, we're hiring marketers from like UK, Singapore, right, like people who are maybe used to slightly higher salaries, and then the sales team are based in in countries where, you know, even juniors, you know, definitely paid, like, much less, much less. So I would say that the head count is almost the same between the two. But in terms of budget, sales teams don't get a budget. They don't do they don't invest. They just pick up the phone. They get paid their salary and their commission. Okay, okay,

Neil Gursahani  8:13  
that's quite interesting. That's very interesting one. And of course, now we're in the last month of the year, so now we're looking in 2025 so I was wondering, like, what are some of, like, the um company goals that you currently have for 2025 like, what are we looking to accomplish?

Kate Busby  8:30  
Yeah, I mean, we haven't really talked about Series C funding. Sorry, my son's Sweetheart, what do you want? Yeah, you can play with your Legos. Yes, remember. So we haven't talked about Series C in our executive summits, but I think by next year, we're probably going to start talking about Series C funding round. And you know, again, an IPO would be nice, but there's no fixed plan to get there, right? And it's probably a three to five year gig anyway, having the brand function signals to me, but IPOs on the horizon, but, you know, in the longer term, and I would say in terms of goals, shorter term for like 2025 it's grow again, 40% we grew. I mean, so far, pretty much hit 40% year on year, annual recurring revenue growth. Okay? And so I think, you know, sort of hitting the rule of 40 which makes us interesting to investors for a Series C funding round, and I'm sure that we will try and accomplish the same again next year. But I haven't got like, the final, the final, let's say, remit for next year yet. Like, we've got our budgets. We've got, you know, but we're still waiting for the for the big, hairy, audacious goal. Yeah,

Neil Gursahani  9:37  
Does, does your budget also grow in relation to your like, your revenue growth because you mentioned your revenue is 40% does your budget? No,

Kate Busby  9:47  
not at all. I mean, so this year was grow 40% Yeah, flat budget. Flat budget. So, so I imagine that next year, because we want to grow further 40% and we've shown that we can be super efficient, our budget probably will extend somewhat, will grow somewhat, but probably not as much as we would have liked. So we're always being challenged as a marketing team to get more with less.

Neil Gursahani  10:08  
Okay, so the challenge is to really be efficient. Okay, so I guess, like the company goals, is, of course, like short term 40% year over year growth and by three to five year time, Horizon series C and IPO and so that's like, the company's goals in terms of marketing and brand. How do you guys tie into this? I think you mentioned earlier that marketing is responsible for lead generation, but like, what are some other like things that marketing and brand is responsible for, for aiding that goal?

Kate Busby  10:38  
Yeah, I think demand creation is probably one of the biggest ones. Um, our competitors all look the same, yeah, and there's a lot of demand in the market, even though the market is technically shrinking on a bigger scale. Like, there are still not enough fishes to eat all the to eat all the fish food, right? Like, there's still plenty of opportunity out there for us to see. So in order to unlock that growth, we want a brand that is memorable, that stands out, that looks different to the others, so that you remember it and you choose it. We noticed that because paid ads have been so successful for us, they've been successful for competitors as well, meaning that people don't really shop around in this market. They see an ad, it looks cute. Oh, my son will love this. He needs it. Let's just go with that. Like, you don't do price comparisons. You don't do like, oh, is, you know, so we know that we have a big challenge to go beyond paid ads and actually, you know, become the funniest, liveliest, coolest, most memorable brand, etc, etc. So we don't have to rely on that paid ad driving that that purchase. People will Google us because they know us and they love us already. So that's the challenge with brand. So demand creation and then, yeah, to some extent, demand capture as well through direct traffic.

Neil Gursahani  11:53  
Check, check, okay. And of course, like I so I worked at a tech company before. That's why I really resonated with a lot of the things that I think you've spoken to this call. And one thing I want to go deeper into is basically efficiency, right? So you need to hit these big, hairy, audacious goals with still having the same number of like teams, like team members and budget. To be really efficient. And I'm really curious, how do you guys currently incorporate different technologies or tools today to kind of help with that? Specifically, I think, like, maybe, like, of course, that's very vague. Maybe we can, like, go around the AI route. Of course, AI really helps with, let's say, empowering marketers today, how big is or how powerful is AI? Are AI tools within your company to help with this efficiency?

Kate Busby  12:49  
We're not crazy about AI, meaning that we use it pragmatically, but we don't get obsessed with it. So for example, you know, really boring use cases, we use AI to generate the first draft of imagery for ads, and then we have our graphic designers tweak it and make it really, really good. We use AI to generate copy really fast, but then we have our editors come in and shape it around our turn of voice. We don't, we're not doing anything wild with AI and the product. At the moment, we've started looking at maybe having some kind of AI generated teacher that can kind of talk to you with, you know, the whatever language, so that, as a parent, you can understand, because a lot of our parents don't speak English, that's why they ask for our services. So I say this now because I'm on the call, but if I was on the call, I would say, No chocolate. So, so basically, these AI generated teachers are part of the onboarding process. We're doing small experiments around that. So by ways of efficiently communicating to parents in their language, what novaki is all about, but in terms of actual delivery of the lessons, it's human. So, so we're not wild about AI in the way that the marketing world seems to me,

Neil Gursahani  14:03  
okay, like, of course, I'm gonna ask you a question when I think it difficult to have an answer. But I was wondering if you can give me an estimate, like, how many current like tools or like software tools do you guys currently use in the marketing team or brand team?

Kate Busby  14:19  
We don't use HubSpot. We don't use Salesforce. We're pretty old school, like not old school, but we have yet to find a decent business case internally to upgrade all the flashy tools. So we're basically putting together our CRM with bloom reach, connecting that to intercom for the sales side of things, and then meta base is our tool for visualizing data, and that's it. So we're putting together this super we act like a bootstrap company when it comes to marketing operations, but we're a series B, yeah, yeah. And there's yet to be somebody who's like an advocate for HubSpot and Salesforce to come in and say, guys, you know, we need to pull our socks up here and act like adults, yeah, like no one has had that expertise internally, so it hasn't happened. It will, it will happen. But yeah, it hasn't, is there?

Neil Gursahani  15:09  
Do you guys get pressure from, like, your of course, I know you guys closed a really big series B recently, and do you guys, like, have pressure from like, either the founding team or external VCs that say, like, Hey guys, we need to be bigger and better and faster. Use more tools or like, use like these solutions,

Kate Busby  15:30  
not at all. The Board of Directors does not seem to be pushing for that at all. Not interested. Interesting,

Neil Gursahani  15:37  
very, very interesting. And of course, so, for example, hypothetically, if someone were to add, like, try to incorporate who within the company, what would be the thought like the process of one doing so, uh, business case, business case, okay,

Kate Busby  15:55  
definitely. And then buy in from the C suite, okay, right? Especially the Sales Director, or Chief, Chief Sales Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, Chief of customer success. So the people who would probably be most impacted by it, right, who would have to drop what they're doing and spend the next six to 12 months painfully integrating a new technology with their team. And then if that was done and everyone was happy and understood, I think that would be it, and then it would be over to the planners to help, you know, work with HubSpot or Salesforce, or equivalent to Yeah, to Yeah, put it out. I think that what has happened with us is that, even though we're efficiency obsessed, right, flat budget 40% year on year, growth, no one has identified tech as the problem. You know, they've identified messaging as the problem, creatives as the problem, not enough markets as the problem. But no one said, Oh, it's because our tech is just not good enough. And in fact, because we've achieved this 40% year on year growth without changing the tech, there might be even more of an argument against, you know, the pain of because it is painful, right? Changing the infrastructure. Yeah,

Neil Gursahani  17:13  
extremely. Okay, that's super interesting. And I really want to dive a bit deeper into this, actually. So, like, maybe I want to talk about the business case, and then the 40% growth, I'll start the business case. Like, when was the last time that a business case was created for a new tool that was integrated?

Kate Busby  17:35  
I started to do one when I first joined novaki 12 months ago. But it was just there were other things that got put top of the priority list. So I started building, working with HubSpot, because I felt like, well, this is really weird that a series B is using a meta base for, like, all its visualizations. And, you know, it's not really tracking the, you know, the revenue from each keyword in our paid ads. It's not got that kind of depth. But you know, at the end of the day, when you've got other things that are like a lot more important, like saving your paid ads function, then you know, you just quietly push the HubSpot business case to one side and focus on the bigger fish. Yeah, so that happened,

Neil Gursahani  18:19  
okay? And you mentioned that, of course, like the biggest integration like takes like takes so long. What? Why does it typically look do you guys, like always look for like, year long contracts like that, like, or do you guys also just generally start smaller, like, hey, because you said it takes six to 12 months of integration time? I'm curious why that long? I mean, this

Kate Busby  18:45  
is just me pulling a number out of thin air, also, because I've talked to my peers in the industry, right? We're marketing leads who've integrated HubSpot before, and they say, yeah, yeah. You know, a brand like HubSpot will tell you it's like three months or, you know, they'll give a nice sounding number, but when you actually get down to it, and you have to untangle all the existing infrastructure to try and figure out how to reconnect that to HubSpot and integrate Salesforce or whatever into that, that's the issue. So normally, companies are not organized, tidy and neat things. I mean, you know that more than I and you know, when you actually come in as a new tool and you have to build on top of the existing infrastructure or integrate into it, that's when I think a lot of the issues arise. Startups don't have formalized processes. Yeah, people use Google Drive as much as they use their desktop as much as they have their own special system for doing things. And you know, in today's climate where people are worried about losing their jobs, there's even less incentive to information create processes that other people can pick up, you know. So there's a lot of siloed work because people want to keep hold of their job and keep hold of processes that work. So it's a human thing, it's a politics thing, and it's infrastructural things. Takes longer than than any company would probably want to take to integrate a new tool. Okay? Thank

Neil Gursahani  20:06  
you. Thank you for that. That's really, really interesting. You said that, of course, to to hit your goals at 2025, you want to focus on a few things, right, that are not technology based, for example, it could be new markets. And you mentioned a few other points. How did you How do you come to this? Yeah, how okay, if we're a team, right, and we're trying to find okay, what are the channels we want to basically use to hit this growth or continue this growth, how do you guys actually come up with these solutions? Okay, maybe should be new markets. It should be this or that, like, what's the

Kate Busby  20:39  
thought process? Well, we have a customer intelligence function. Okay, that customer intelligence function tells us what customers think about us and what they think about our competitors. It also does demographic sweeps of like, how many people are in the market, how big are the segments, which segments are growing, which segments are shrinking? It tells us a lot of other things. So from that information, we then put together our strategy, and we say, right, if we want to grow, this is what we should be doing in the brand function. If we want to grow with our sales activations, this is what we should be doing in our bottom of funnel, paid advertising. So we really start with the customer, with the market. We do a segmentation every couple of years just to make sure we're not losing any opportunities. And it's a very data driven process. So there's not much, you know, putting our finger in the air and going, you know, let's go to let's go to China, because we haven't quite conquered that market yet. It's not really like that. It's more research driven, nice,

Neil Gursahani  21:39  
um, regarding the customer intelligence. So, so just to reiterate, so the Customer Intelligence Team or the department, basically does frequent analysis of your quantitative and qualitative data points and then brings it to the different business functions of the of the company, saying, like, Hey, these are the interesting insights we've learned. And then you try and adapt, of course, you have expertise, domain expertise, and you try to mold that in terms of, like, the marketing strategy for the next quarter, the next year, yeah, exactly

Kate Busby  22:10  
100% to the extent at which we would like to tell the CFO how much money we want to spend on brand marketing, rather than receive a number from that person, right? Like we want to completely shift the dynamic, and we haven't completely achieved it yet, full disclosure, but that's the idea that we come with a data driven plan that's validated by the studies we've done, both qualitative and quantitative, and then say, Look, we think that these types of objectives, SMART objectives, are the ones that we should be going for. Here's what the incremental growth would be, both in dollars and annualized revenue value, yeah. And to get there, we need X amount, right? So, yeah, that's and by the way, what I didn't mention is that it's not just an in house effort. We work with agencies too, right? And those agencies guide us, especially in the core markets where we want to make a big dent Israel being one, right? Because we had this fantastic run this year where we knocked Duolingo off the number one spot for brand awareness, and that's because we partnered with some really great agencies, both influencer marketing agencies and media agencies in that country, and we worked consistently on our smart objectives, yeah, for 12 months, more or less, actually was more like 10. And we then achieved our goal of being the number one in that country for children's e learning. So, yeah, and so that, therefore we use these kinds of use cases to go to the CFO next year and say, Look, I know that last year you told us flat budget. This is how much we've got no discussion, but actually, this is what we spend, and this is what we've achieved. If we want to do this again, we probably need to rethink, you know, especially we want to increase this by 40% we probably need to rethink the amount of money. And here's my proposal that I've worked on with the media agencies, and based on our research,

Neil Gursahani  23:55  
yeah, and the customer insights team is also connected to these agencies, right? To also get that insights from them. Yeah,

Kate Busby  24:02  
we pretty much try and create an ecosystem where everyone's connected, and everyone can be part of everything if they want to. It's a pretty flat organization. Nice,

Neil Gursahani  24:11  
flat 400 people organization. Well, 400

Kate Busby  24:15  
I mean, not all of them are in the marketing team, right? But like about 55 people. Okay, um,

Neil Gursahani  24:20  
so a long line. And maybe my final few questions is, can you talk to me just really briefly about the customer insights department? Like, who? Like, what is the name of the lead? Like, what is how big is that? Where are they based? I'm really curious about to learn more about this department, actually.

Kate Busby  24:37  
Well, based in Russia. There's not very many of them. There's one person who's managing a bunch of agencies and a bunch of tools like we use a test, for example, for our quick surveys, quick and dirty surveys, and then, depending on which market we actually want to do a deeper quantitative survey. And we will then work with local partners, and that person's pretty much managing the whole thing. Wow, background, background, in research and, I guess statistics, I'd be like, not sure exactly, if she has, like, a mathematics degree, but like, basically has this background in research methodology. So not just a project manager, but someone who can actually not just commission the surveys, but shape the questions and actually interpret the data as well. So she's a bit of a bit of a unicorn. She

Neil Gursahani  25:25  
sounds like a unicorn, because when you mentioned this the customer insights department, I'm here thinking teams, you know, people. I mean, I'm sure

Kate Busby  25:34  
that at some point she will need some help, because, yeah, she has a lot on her plate, especially as we have, I mean, 13 big markets and 40 markets in total. But we, when we do research, we really focus on the low hanging fruit, right? So we're not running research for absolutely every market. We do a you know, like two markets in Asia, two markets in Europe, two markets in the Middle East, where we think, okay, we really can make a difference here, especially with our brand marketing check.

Neil Gursahani  26:01  
Okay, okay, cool. Thank you so much. A comment. Enough time I'm gonna, maybe I have more questions, but I'll save them for later, because I think I've got it enough so far. Bit of a TLDR, why I why we really going down this route was the fact that basically, of course, I think you're a B to C model, right? So like you're your base things are consumers, but we have identified that in the B to B, let's say buying journey, it's very, very complex and very, very long. And what we're trying to understand is that generally, when a user goes from identifying a problem to basically considering a solution, he or she has to go through multiple stages, through, like, learning and development, which goes it's quite zigzaggy, if you look at it on the screen. And we're we, we currently believe that sometimes even going through, going through that whole process can lead to a lot of software purchase regret, um, you basically buy a contract or, like, for a solution that you're locked in, and you realize, like, Oh, this is actually supposed to hit me, help me hit my goals, either being more efficient or, like, my revenue goals. But it's not really doing that, you know, and suddenly you're basically, you've lost a lot of time, you lost a lot of money, and unfortunately, also are competitively at a disadvantage. So we're trying to understand where do people basically go wrong in this whole process and try to create a solution that can help with that? So basically creating, kind of like a Knowledge Hub of sorts that can help you shorten the time span for this and also help with business goals. So that's in a nutshell, kind of a bit of the problem where we're currently trying to solve, which I think you've helped give some, quite some interesting like thoughts for us. For it, you're actually our first call. So hopefully, by at the end of our 10 calls, so we have currently lined up, we will have more of an idea, you know. So I just want to say thank you for for taking the time, of course, doing that. You're

Kate Busby  27:59  
welcome, wishing the best. Yeah, maybe

Neil Gursahani  28:04  
before we go, I just want to ask one, maybe one thing. Because, of course, getting interviews is very, very difficult, and I think it'll be easier to see if, maybe, if we have one, if they can lead to more the customer insights person, let's say the Russian like Princess that you mentioned who's, like, basically has the whole company in her back with insights. She seems like a really interesting candidate to talk. I was wondering, like, do you think that she would be opening, open to having, like, a quick 20 or chat about, like, what she does in her day to day?

Kate Busby  28:35  
And I can't promise anything, but I can ask her, okay, and I'll put her in touch, sure,

Neil Gursahani  28:40  
also, otherwise, anyone who's like, a good marketer as well that basically leads, like a team like, like, something like yours, or company like yours. Could be also interesting to hear their thoughts. That could be really, really cool,

Kate Busby  28:52  
amazing. Yeah, no, no, I'll certainly ask her. She's a little shy and a lot, very overworked, but I can, I can talk to her for you, and maybe just one thing from me, I think at the moment, I'm taking on freelance consulting, short term projects if you want a marketer, even just to get things moving on the generic marketing side, brand is a bit too early for you guys. But you know, whatever, I'm totally open to a discussion about that.

Neil Gursahani  29:21  
Oh, very, very interesting. Okay, I'll definitely have that experience as well. That'll be really cool. Okay, thank you so much for that. I'll, I'll bear that in mind. Hey, case, good luck with your mission. By the way, you're taking on a big fish as Duolingo. But I really think that also congrats on displacing them in Israel. That was really, really

Kate Busby  29:39  
cool to come I think, yeah,

Neil Gursahani  29:43  
nothing but success.

Kate Busby  29:47  
All right, take care guys, so much.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
