Speaker 1  0:00  
So I think I would give you, like one or two sentence intro into what we're doing and why we are interviewing people, then we would run the interviews, and then at the end, we can go a little bit deeper. I'm just structuring at the very end, or like putting it at the very end, so that we do not bias any of your answers and get fully unbiased opinions. So Neil and I are basically exploring this business idea which is related to b to b, buying B to B. Software buying, or like the purchase process consists of various stages, various challenges, and has a certain degree of complexity, which we are currently trying to explore, to just better understand how companies handle, handle the end to end journey. And with that, I would also jump into the questions if you could. So I obviously know what you're doing and what tax fix does, but could you maybe give a little intro to your role at your responsibilities, and also tax fix?

Speaker 2  1:05  
Yeah, absolutely. So let's start with tax fix. So tax fix is a tax digital tax filing platform that helps helps individuals manage and file their taxes across Europe as such, it's a late stage growth business, seriously staged with, like some of the leading venture capitalists backing the company, Colonel Bellingen, over a billion years. About Me? Personally, I'm the Senior Director of Strategy there. Have been with the company for five years in my role, you know, I've done a lot of different things, but I describe it as the ownership, from strategy, definition for on corporate level to execution on the one hand, but then also driving with the team a set of value levers, Whether it's organic business development, building up new product lines, markets, etc, but also in organic growth initiatives such as M A and then there's probably an investor relations aspect to it as well. I think that's fundraising, but and also ongoing investor relations that maybe in a few sentences, can go deep on anything also Neil, if that's relevant for you, but otherwise, I'm super curious about all the other questions. Yeah,

Speaker 1  2:24  
I think that that covers it so far. How many people do work at tax fix at the moment, I think

Speaker 2  2:29  
we're approximately 400 now, including the Okay,

Speaker 1  2:34  
nice and your organization. So how's it structured? Are you reporting into the CEO and what organizations are under your strategic like umbrella. So currently

Speaker 2  2:46  
I'm reporting to the COO. Like that has changed. I was also part Times reporting to CEO, but like under COO, and then there's a team under me that's both a circuit moment, it's four people, but linear function, but then also project level, it's usually, like, cross functional. It's usually a few more people, okay,

Speaker 1  3:06  
okay, that totally makes sense. And for like, when, when you talk about, or like, you think about where taxi wants to go in, 2025, what's kind of the direction the company is trying to go to or, like, what challenges are you seeing in the next 12 months?

Speaker 2  3:29  
Yeah, so I think that is different dimensions, right? Like, if I look at the customers and the markets, I think it's like, of course, to continue to grow our customer base in all the markets that we're in, I think that's a priority one to that sustainably and do it especially, I think, in Germany, by more clearly positioning some of our product lines right. We acquired, like with fire, but one of our coming competitors, like now, really making sense of the two brands. And we have different product lines within tax rates now and to specially capture customers in what we call the assisted segment, which is like actually having a tax advisor by your side, rather than doing it yourself. And I think similar in a similar veins, like I think it holds for international markets, but it's also about like growing the customer base, but then also doing that into new segments in UK and Spain, we're going a lot into freelancers, small business owners, and to actually strengthen these segments, I think that's a customer perspective. Then if you look at the financial like, it is a technology perspective, right, where it's about applying, I think, with the AI shift, applying AI and leveraging it where it makes sense, but also kind of cutting out the noise where it doesn't. And I think we've, yeah, so far, like, captured a lot of the more lower hanging fruits, like the initial big bets, right? Whether it's an hour, like how we do marketing, but also then customer success, etc, delivering different per individual productivity tools. But there's also much more we can probably do. And then I think the third layer, more financial profile, right? Which I think when also buying software, buying also plays a role, I suspect. I mean, continue on the path of sustainable growth, right, right, while becoming profitable, right? And I think that's, I think we've made great strides on that path to profitability, and I think that continues next year. And I think that's like for us, the direct consumer business. I mean, what are the big items that we look at? Right? You try, on the one hand, like marketing costs is huge, then cost of sales, especially if you leverage these tax advisor products that become bigger, like bigger human elements. So that's the kind of a second efficiency lever. And then the third one is kind of operating leverage on our account, right? Like, to make sure, okay, that's one of people. So I think that would be the summary.

Speaker 1  5:44  
Yeah, I think that's also more than enough for 2025 and the teams were probably busy, you know? And there are a few points that I want to pick up on. I think the second aspect that you mentioned was talking about AI and implementation of AI. First question is, how is your company looking at AI or the implementation? How mature Are you? And then could you go a bit more specific, like, be a bit more specific about what you did and how you did it? And,

Unknown Speaker  6:15  
yeah, no, absolutely. I think the I

Speaker 2  6:20  
think we're somewhere in the middle of the pack, right. Are we the best in class, fastest mover of like comparable companies into the AI space? Probably not. Are we the worst laggards? Probably also not. I think what we have done so far is focusing on kind of two legs of AI initiatives. The one is like, how do we enhance individual productivity? Right? I think what happened, what most companies have done, and I think you always see these change management where some people pick it up very fast, others are more skeptical. But I think generally, I think we have, we found a number of smart use cases, and people are really adopting it. Everyone has a GPT pro license. Every engineer is allowed and able to use CO pilots, etc. So I think like, and there's a lot of other tools, and especially marketing, etc, like for experts, and then for us, there's, of course, the product facing angle, right? And I think there, or like, the customer facing pieces. And I think there we focused on what the initial kind of success stories are, probably threefold. One is typical, one, Customer Success chatbot, right for our users. And I think that's actually working really well. I think it's a it's not only existing, but it actually works really well. It solves a lot of the numbers look really great. The second one, I think we're really ahead of the curve, is direct consumer business. Lot of marketing spend. We have, like, a lot of the creative you the creative production that we need, right? We've automated a lot of it. We used to have this huge in house creative studio that great would create all the videos, images, creative copies, and a lot of the process and the output is now digital, like, like, where I kind of automated. That's really, really impressive. I think seen that in many other companies. And then the third leg is in the like, in the product experience as well. I think we historically had abilities to extract information out of photos, like we always had these features like, okay, photograph your pace lab, we automatically filled in all the info, I think we have expanded that, right? But the text advisor serves as well. We've expanded this capability. I think those were the three big ones. But there's more than a product, right? I think where we can get the leverage AI to get smarter, there's more stuff coming. But that's definitely my summary.

Speaker 1  8:35  
That's That's great. Already sounds super, super interesting. And when you said, like, these are the three main use cases. How did you how did you identify where AI or like these advantage, like these tools could have the biggest impact. How do you go about it? Like, how do you identify this?

Speaker 2  8:54  
Yeah, that's a good it's a good question. I think the So, let's go, like, generally, it's like, it's like, there's a business case. It's about business cases that are ultimately behind it, right? And I think that's why we also started with the ones that are, like, not no brainers, but you can make rides. I mean, like, like, a CS chat, but like, you can buy it off the shelf, you know, you need to feed it. But like, we are also not the first ones to do it, so I think like it was quite easy to validate some hypotheses that this is a good investment, right? And I think it was like there was quite safe territory. So that helped on the marketing side. I think the it was similarly right as always in our wide decision like x hat count versus these tools. Why were we so fast, or why we had I think it's locked down to personal conviction of top management, and also enthusiasm about it and willingness to go deep and drive it from the top. And I think that has really helped, that we made bigger advances there than in other areas, and then in the product, I think we're really leveraging what we've had even before the AI was there, right? Like we had document recognition, at least a basic shape, like before everyone talked about these things. So I think that that also helps, right? And I think we build on something that is there, and then generally, all the other initiatives. It's always about like, okay, what are the opportunity, customer opportunities? Yeah, what's the case behind it? And then what does it take to build it, ultimately, feasibility? And then, how can you, I think for us, always the question is, how can we build it and test it without burning, like, without having this future ramp up costs, right? That's what's usually about. I think we've changed our perspective. We started very lean and, like, looked at lot of off the shelf and didn't have this said, Okay, every team needs to drive it where we and, like, we didn't have dedicated AI team more so try to every team, like, find your use cases, make the cases for it. I think this is changing now on the tech side that we actually hire in a team of dedicated AI ml specialists, because we see like, the magic is one layer deeper, sometimes right, especially in the kind of data flow that we have in the product that we say, okay, hey, to build a sustainable advantage, we actually need to get more technical than we are today. Yeah, that may be as a summary of like, how we look at it. Okay, that's

Speaker 1  11:11  
very interesting. Touching up on the like what you just described, moving away from off the shelf to building, building stuff in house. How do you decide on that? Like, how would you look at at a problem and then, or, like, a challenge or an opportunity, and then think about, hey, how would we, how would we go about this? Like, should we build it ourselves or buy it? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:35  
it's a good question. I think there's I

Speaker 2  11:44  
it is probably three dimensions that that, like, it's not like that we always have that perfect framework for every decision. But, like, if I brought it down as, like, three things, right? One is the financial ROI, right? Like, I think, like, you know, how much do we think it costs us to build ourselves versus buying it off the shelf. That's the one piece. The second piece, I'd say, is, how critical is this capability to our core, right? And how does that make us differentiate it? How much tailoring does it need? Right? I think that's like, that's the second thing, right? Like, building, like, you know, a chatbot of the serve makes a lot of sense. We feed it with the context. Why? Why would we go through that pain ourselves? So it doesn't it's probably more expensive, but also doesn't make sense. It's not forward to in the product itself. And the question for adapting a question flow, leveraging AI to optimize what questions we ask to certain people, yeah, the idea may be a different thing, right? Even if sometimes maybe you would want to build yourself and then the third one is always a speed versus risk perspective, right? Like, sometimes speed matters, and we want to buy it externally, also externally, maybe for our investors and La, la, la, it's always like, they like, you know, also some managers, they like to have it safe from someone that you can trust, rather than someone switches it together in house that sometimes also Okay,

Speaker 1  13:07  
interesting. And how would that process look like, assuming, like, the Chatbot example, for example, I think it's a good one. It's a problem that other companies have solved really well and many people just adopted. How would a process like that look like? Let's say you've identified, okay, our customer success team, or like, customer support team. It's costing a lot of money for various reasons, or we have too many tickets we want to be more efficient, or cost efficient there, and you decide to buy external software. How would you like, how would that process look like from A to B? Yeah,

Speaker 2  13:37  
it's actually good, good question. So I think what we did is bit more than a year ago, like, we introduced a chat bot, LA, like this year, I'd say, in spring at some point. But like, even the year before, in budgeting, we told them, okay, look, like our revenues are we budgeted like, are going to go to that right? And your costs are not going to like, they're going to basically going to stay flat, or something. We gave them as a target our direct operations. Say, Hey, look, this is what it is you need to find efficiencies. And then we didn't tell him top down. Like, okay, well, you need to do it like this and that. But like, he had the mandate to figure this out, right? Like, how does we want to distribute head count costs versus tools versus technology? And then you did this assessment of, you know, figuring out, what are the like at the best of what are the different options of vendors we have right? And I think they came up with a short list, and did lot of like demos, did some MVPs, and then at some point they did like, he made a recommendation. And then finally, our CEO decided what tool to go for. I think what is interesting the space is that, of course, one important consideration was in terms of like, it was really clear that we would buy it, but then the question was, who do you buy it from? And I think one of the dimensions that was important was, how does it fit with the rest of the tooling? Because we also did, like, our general CS tooling. We migrated from intercom to Zendesk just a year before. So there was like, does it speak to Zendesk? Zendesk has some capabilities themselves. Do we like on structured but Does that even make more sense, or what we then dependent on them? So these were some of the, I think, relevant, also tactical decisions. Yeah. And they, at some point, they opted for one, and then they implemented it with the help of their advisors, and we launched it on small, small scale, and then at some point, when we saw the numbers are good, the results are good, to be kind of

Speaker 1  15:26  
cool. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Go ahead, Neil, who is this person who

Unknown Speaker  15:31  
basically led this initiative of creating, like

Speaker 2  15:34  
the director operations, so he's leading, kind of our customer success. So customer support, really call center and tax ops, we call it kind of second level customer support teams. And he was leading, leading the charge. I mean, it's his budget and it's his responsibilities to hit the both efficiency but also customer success, customer happiness metrics. Okay,

Speaker 3  15:56  
so he, he's responsible for the efficiency and CS metrics, but other directors on his level also have the same ability to basically bring pools forward as well, right? Not just him, yeah, absolutely.

Speaker 2  16:09  
So marketing, like marketing would be the same, right? Like, kind of the our VP brands, let's say, right, that also runs the creative studio that we talked about. I mean, ultimately it should be, like the CEO CTO, Chief gold officer, told her, like, similarly, right? Like, look, we can't have that huge like, I know the tools out there, right? This must be more efficient, right? Like, we can't scale the headcount in that space as we scale our revenues, our marketing spend, figure out these efficiencies, right? And then she figured out, well, it's all processes.

Unknown Speaker  16:42  
She then ultimately came forward with it, and also figured it

Unknown Speaker  16:45  
out and

Speaker 3  16:48  
regarding the change to our Okay, so you guys, if I'm calling this right, you guys want to become more efficient with your like, let's say numbers. And to do that, you guys are leveraging AI tools to help with that, more great solution. How many tools would you guys say, like you have brought into the company in the past year to help with that?

Speaker 2  17:18  
Probably double digits. For sure, double days, yeah, I'd say, I probably, I mean, if I just look at like, every like, I don't know, everyone got like, like, like, a GPT license. Like, they got everyone a co pilot for customer success. We introduced this for documents. I think they also got some additional software. And then in marketing, there's a huge they made this huge transition in tech stack with various new tools. So just these ones, I think they probably add up to double digits, and I'm probably missing quite a lot of smaller tools here and there that are enabled that I'm not even aware of in other

Speaker 3  17:56  
functions. Yeah. And what was the driver for this complete change in tech stack, because you also mentioned a really big change. But you guys said you guys went from intercom to Zendesk, right? That's a huge, that's a huge change. It's like changing your CRM. It takes big, big, big decisions to make do that. Why did you guys decide to do that?

Speaker 2  18:21  
Yeah, I mean, I think generally, like, generally, the motivation is always a mix of, for us, is always a mix of customer experience and efficiency, right? There's always somewhere in the balance. Like, you wouldn't want to compromise. Like, I think it's always a debate of, like, what do you hope for some more, but like, like, ideally it goes hand in hand. In hand, I think that's ultimately the driver. And I wasn't super close with Frank on the intact com Zendesk decision. It's also a while back. So I don't have all the reasons, like, top of mind, but generally, I think for us, I think as you grow so quickly, just also requirements change, right? Like, the or gets bigger, water, set the complexity increases, more product lines, etc. I think then at some point, you know, like, what, what was good enough a couple of years ago, that isn't necessarily good enough now, right? I think that's that. That's always one key dimension. And then also, as you get bigger, you have very different negotiating power, right? Like, I think that's also what, what has played a role for us, right? If you're this little seed stage, CSA startup is different than now. Like, like, for a lot of the things, there's not so many bigger consumer companies. Like, if you look at CRM, right? Like, there's emails going out to millions of people, yeah, for example, right? And there's millions of people, like, seven digit number of people filing every year, which gives you some negotiation for also, then to these vendors, right? Like, because you're buying some of the bigger packages, right? So, and,

Speaker 1  19:44  
and you said you brought on many tools this year. How do you manage them? Or keep an overview, or also, like things you just said, like negotiation power, like, when you talk about renewals, how do you manage all of that?

Speaker 2  19:58  
Yeah, so it's a good it's a great question. So I think, I mean, traditional, like, generally, the rule is like, Okay, you own a you're on a budget, right? As a functional leader. So you decide the tools ultimately, right, like, it's your, I mean, ultimately contracted to be signed by the MDS, typically, right, etc. So therefore, they have the fact also veto power, and you try to bring them in, right in the C suite, but generally the decisions we try to have on that senior leadership level, so direct operations we talked about, or whoever it may be, right? So I think that's generally the decision making. They have a budget, so they need to figure it out, where they save the cost, where they where they willing to spend more. It's usually quite business case driven. And I think then in terms of proceeds processes and oversight, the FPA finance team, I think they generally in part, as part of budgeting, they stay close, and they're kind of the devil's advocate saying, hey, look like, do you really need these software tools? Don't you think like, No, this has grown so much over the past years. Should we renegotiate la, la, la Right? Like, really, more purely from a cost perspective, I think then another important stakeholders at a different stage than more, if you want to contract someone who supports the legal team and compliance team, I think this has nothing. There's two diamond like, it's the contracting itself. It's a compliance. But also, like, as we get bigger, our investors have certain requirements that we know our vendors, right? So there is increasing requirements there. So they help, they help us there. Or, yeah, and especially with the AI ones, I think that's something where they go deep, right? Like, who owns the data? What happens with the data? Right up, because we have quite some sensitive data. I think that's something that they always will keep you into. And then I think we have, usually internal it as an important stakeholders, because, like, I don't know, like, like, with all the licenses, like, they may usually manage them, the different licensees that employees have, the licensees, they've been installed on the devices, if that's needed, they typically support on that, that front, yeah, those are some of the key players involved.

Speaker 1  22:13  
And how do you like, how do you manage all of that? Because you list basically half, half of it feels like half of the company, you know, like so many different parts, so many different requirements coming in. How do you, how does someone who, who is involved in looking into a new tool manage,

Speaker 2  22:27  
I mean, generally Gen, so generally there is a purchasing process like, like, that is, like, written down, right, documented so that is owned by finance and, I mean, the legal team kind of then keeps the kind of a registry of all the different policies in the idea, so that we have right, and there's a tool behind it, etc, where we kind of document that and who needs to approve what and make what decisions, and they also own the budgeting, what I said, right? So I think it's really all driven by finance and legal on that side, but otherwise we try to give the individuals quite some freedom to make

Speaker 1  23:03  
what tool is involved. There you mentioned. Yeah,

Speaker 2  23:07  
we used to have pre core as a as a tool, which I think arguably wasn't the smartest choice, and they are now. I mean, I'm apparently, I don't know whether they have changed it already. They were about to, you know, see whether we can get out of the contract and find something different.

Speaker 1  23:26  
Why is that like? Why? Why were you unhappy with the tool? I

Speaker 2  23:30  
think the like, I think what they underestimate. Like, biggest two, there's two issues. I think the one issue or three. The one issue, like the first issue is that, generally, it's a, it's a, I mean, it's also quite a young startup, not as established. So I think at the time seems like cheap enough, it looked funky enough, but then I think we underestimated how ready they are to onboard companies to do all these things. So that was apparently quite painful on their end. Second problem was on our end, we didn't have really a strong part, like we underestimated as well. We didn't have that strong project manager that would onboard it, and kind of underestimated this entire process. And then in third one is, I think, now that we're actually running it, there's some gaps and functionality, like people are, I don't, I don't use it so often, so for me, it's good enough. But there's quite a few people that say, Hey, look pain. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  24:24  
so I think that wasn't the best. Okay, very interesting.

Unknown Speaker  24:27  
Neil,

Speaker 1  24:30  
being aware of the time. Do you have a last question that you that you want to ask? Okay, we did. Yeah, I would wrap it up here. I mean, we probably would have 10,000 more questions, because I think that was a very interesting interview and super helpful. And I could give you a bit more background on why we're running these interviews. So the problem that is being reported, and that we now also identified in a few inter interviews so far, is that this B to B buying process is very, very broken because it consists of multiple stages. You have the problem identification, then you have the exploration of potential solutions, like, do a build it in house? Do I buy a service, whatever, whatever. Then you collect the requirements, then you explore solutions like reach out, like create the shortlist, you describe, reach out to different vendors, and then you finally buy it and implement it. And interestingly, 50% of the companies who run through this process regret it after 12 months, so they buy or purchase a piece of software, and 50% of the interviewed companies from a Gartner report basically reported that they were unhappy with the tool which they bought that can have multiple reasons right with it. Within each stage, something could go wrong. There's a lot of back and forth. Requirements are unclear, and that's where we want to right now, figure out where's the biggest pain point, where are things going wrong, and where can we help avoiding that? Because that's kind of complex, complex process that that has to be managed by teams, and that's why we are running these interviews. And it's very interesting, because we're talking to companies from different from different industries, and 26 for example, almost one company we interview. They're heavily regulated, right? So for them, like even talking to companies that have don't have banking experience, like software tools that don't have banking experience, it's a no go, because they know, hey, this is too complex. I don't know if it is the same with us as a tax

Speaker 2  26:23  
company, but it's bit less, right? But, like, increasingly, of course, that's why we have the legal team involved, yeah, but, I mean, I'm not surprised about what they're saying, right? Like, I think that also, think there's a lot of decisions we have. Also, why are we changing some of the tools, right? I think, like, a lot of the you asked me several times, so many you're changing. Well, the one thing is technological advances. Advancements are huge, right? So it's actually attractive. Second one is we're getting bigger, which means maybe we did poor decisions in the past, maybe just requirements change. Yeah, it's a lot of uncertainty. I think that's always the hardest part, right? Like, I think, like that you with a startup, scale ups that you need to make these decisions under uncertainty, because the business plan isn't as robust. It never as robust anyways, as well. Your cases are never as robust as they may be in a big corporate it gets better now, right? As we get bigger, but, like, it's always been, if you assume you grow to x, but then you don't quite grow to x, rights, for example, right? Like, it depends on number of tickets, or you what kind of deal you do. Like, it changes quite quickly. Were you really sure that certain product lines really gonna hit it? Well, that have higher, I don't know, KYC like, because we talked about requirements, and then, well, it actually doesn't take off, and then you have all these extra costs. It's quite typical, like, and that's where also most of the debate sometimes happens on our end, right? Like, how bold do you go? What are the assumptions? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  27:46  
No, I totally get it. And like, you have this internal perspective on the one side, and then on the other side you usually have companies or software vendors that want to sell you something, right? So, because that's also a big point that many, like many people buying software, they want to interact less with sales because they might not trust them as much as they want to, and try to gather all this information themselves, and then maybe don't connect the dots between business plan and future growth versus the tool. So, yeah, we don't have a solution yet, either we are so like we think there is a problem we just don't know where and how we want to contribute to solving

Speaker 2  28:25  
it. But, yeah, I mean, what has always, I think, helped in the past was, like, like, in the early days when we had, like, our old VP finance, I gave you the contact, right? Like he had, like, he was very well connected with other VP finance, etc, and startup, and so at least they always shared their what deals they got, right? They have this group, where, whoever they talked to so you knew at least whether you're getting a good deal or not, etc. But also on the, let's say, on the product side, right? What does this do? Not, I think that that is that was has always been angled, has been quite useful,

Unknown Speaker  28:54  
very interesting.

Speaker 2  28:56  
And then the other piece, I think, like OMR reviews, is probably interesting to look at, right? I think they're trying to basically do it from a review perspective, yeah,

Speaker 1  29:03  
yeah. There's also g2 I don't know if you know, if you know the website, send it to you.

Unknown Speaker  29:12  
It's also very similar. They also run, or

Speaker 1  29:16  
like, they collect a lot of Wait. Let me quickly taste it. This one here, they are also, like, there, you can also look up the feedback that some people have for certain, certain tools. And then this peer feedbacks are kind of important. But I can imagine, like, smaller group, like your ex colleague had, it's probably more interesting.

Speaker 2  29:38  
Yeah, that's interesting. And I think, yeah, but when what we learned is maybe last thought on this, I guess also, this has three, five or so that basically, basically say, Okay, we buy it for all these startups and get better conditions. What we forgot about, like at Sebastian back then, figured is that he would always beat them. Like, if you really good negotiator, you cannot beat them. So it's also just a kind of a lazy solution for maybe off the shelf things, but like, the moment gets more specific, or you actually have some leverage, it becomes that's very interesting,

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
