Speaker 1  0:00  
One, okay, great. Let's start with some very basic questions. Could you quickly explain just your role within the company? And one, two sentences? What the company does also want to sentences and just give a short overview? Sure.

Speaker 2  0:17  
So we are mid sized. It consultancy. We have approximately 150 people, out of which I would say 120 are traditional IT consultants, software engineers, business analysts, but everything is it related? We do a lot of insurance clients. We do a lot of logistics clients. We do some public companies. We do some pharmaceutical companies, so a little everything. We are mostly in the dark region. So Austria, Switzerland, Germany. We're also in the Baltics. So half of our team is in Estonia, where the other half is in mostly Germany, someone Lithuania. Some are in that land, somewhere in Switzerland, but the majority is split between Estonia and Germany. So we have a niche showing approach, and our products are mostly so we do a lot of legacy migration, also, I would say, a lot of very niche things. So even when you go back to, like assembler, you know, like very old legacy, it languages and applications. We also do a lot of Java, so everything Java related and however, we also do, like a lot of Java, ee, so Java Enterprise Edition. We do a lot of Python projects. We have a lot of cloud migration project. We have a lot of AI data science projects. However, I would say the focus is more on the software development, less on the data science mathematical aspects. And yes, and so my particular role is so I'm not in traditional sales, so we do have a sales team, consisting of four people. We also have some external sales support companies. We do have a very strong executive sales team, so like when you look at our CEO, at our investor and so on, I would say that a lot of our business comes from them. So our country CEO in Estonia, our German CEO, our investor from our supervisory boards, I would say that executive sales is quite a big area in which we do sales. Yes, and I, personally, I do mostly corporate development, which also consists out of a lot of sales, or more, like, strategic sales, I would call it. So it's not like traditional, you know, like cold calling and so on. So it's more like, so for instance, when we have existing customers and there's, like, I don't know, a tricky, difficult situation of some sort, whenever it comes to like portfolio management. So that I, you know, look at in what areas can we probably make a lot of money in what areas, what areas are highly competitive? So, for instance, what I do a lot at the moment is look at open source services that we could offer. So for instance, when it comes like Postgres, SQL and so on, I feel like that there's a big market, and there's some players, but not as many, and there's less competition. And for instance, like traditional Java projects, and I also like go into the projects a lot, have a look at them. How profitable are they? Where can we maybe make them more profitable? What do we need more? What do we need less? Do we need more? Project management? Do we need less project management? I also do a lot of the calculations. So who do we need on the project? What is the focus of the project? Should we rather have high quality and senior people, or is it more about the price? And it's actually so simple that anyone can do it. So that's kind of like I would say that I have an overall view. I go to a lot of meetings with our investor from Switzerland and our CEO. So I would say that it's kind of like an overall growth business profile. So everything that increases the value of the company, that makes it more profitable, that generates new revenue, that cuts cost, whatever and like whenever, we have like a special subject. So that's what I really appreciate about the world, but it's also like, by nature, I would say, a lot of sales. Okay, I

Speaker 1  4:47  
got that, and now looking into 2025 so I understood what the company does and what the vision, or kind of the mission is, what is the direction for 2025 like, where are you and the team planning to go to as a company? Yes.

Speaker 2  5:03  
So we currently are losing a lot of money, which is not because of our core business or consulting practices doing, I would say quite okay. Not so much in the Baltics, but at least in Germany, we are doing quite well in the Baltics. We have the issue that the nearshoring approach quite often is not as profitable anymore, or like as cost saving as it used to be. So a lot of companies rather go to India than to the Baltics. And I feel like that a lot of the barriers of instance, like most of the team in the Baltic politics, cannot speak German. So I feel like it's a big disadvantage. I would say that the main reason why we are losing a lot of money is that we have a lot of incubators, you know, that reserving people internally and that we have in our own so they're like based, usually within subsidies. But a lot of them are not as profitable yet. So a lot of them are very long bets. And I feel like that, you know, it's something that has grown over the last eight years. So the company is eight years old. You know, that a lot of the projects, they were always, you know, like highly innovative, super speculative, and there was a lot of time, and therefore salaries invested into it. But a lot of them, you know, they are at a point, either you need to sell them somehow profitable, or you need to give up on them. And that's quite, quite an issue, I would say, especially since money has become a lot more expensive with higher interest rates and so on, the venture capital situation is a lot different now than it was three, four years ago. And so that's quite a big aspect for us, and also with regard to growth. So we are company that is totally out, like, focused on growth. So basically, we have a lot of office spaces. You know that in the past, someone rented for 10 years, you know? And now they're like, sitting there and no one is using them. And I'm like, How can anyone be? How could anyone sign a 10 year contract that costs us still over half a million of rental fees that we have to pay for the upcoming years? And we have a few of these, so it's not just one. And yeah. So also with regard to the profiles, I would say that we have a very high fluctuation. But I would say the sale, are you mostly asking for the sales objectives? No. In general, company, company, yes. I would say it's first off about, I wouldn't say doing, like, quite firing, but it's kind of like about that we want to see, okay, who, who's really loyal and motivated within the company, and what profiles do we think are really essential for the future market? So there's currently a large, or like a bigger discussion that I have with one of our top managers, because they are all super motivated to do more cloud services, where I feel like we are too far behind, and I think it's like, you know, if we want to offer more AWS services, I think it's such a long way to go, and our expectations on earnings are also quite high. So it's not like that we are going in there with very aggressive pricing strategies. But rather, you know, we want to do the quality approach even so I feel like we don't have it yet. And I feel like that most others are underestimate, estimating the competition. So I feel like, especially when it comes to AWS services, there's already hundreds of very strong companies in the market, the German market alone. So yes, so I personally really want to focus more on open source solutions, because I feel like that when you look at the German market, 80% of the companies are battling with cost saving measures. And I feel like that open source is an alternative that, even at this moment, is going super well, or like should go quite well. And I feel like that, for instance, when you look at Postgres and so on, they have reached a maturity level where we can see that even a lot of conservative companies in Germany are applying it more and more. And also when it comes to legacy migration stuff, I feel like there's some areas where we are the only ones left in the market. So for instance, we also have a mainframe division consisting of approximately 10 people, and there are certain programming languages and applications that no one else can can do anymore. So that's, for instance, faster, one of the most profitable area, actually. So if you learn assembler, for instance, if you learn COBOL, I feel like you will be doing super well. And you can ask for a very ambitious day rates, and you will most likely still get some also, because it's an area, you know, where you have a lot of banking and insurance customers, and they're usually not as cheap as many others, I would say. And so yeah, but that's kind of the idea. And also, we do have a lot of regulatory place that I'm working on. So one is the digital, operational resilience act, where we have a lot of some offerings. The other one is called feeder. It's like a free insurance initiative that will probably also pick up more in the upcoming year. Yes, and I think that's our So, saving costs, growing and expanding our footprint within our industries.

Speaker 1  10:45  
Super interesting. Thanks for sharing that. And I think the aspect of saving costs while growing is obviously very interesting, because many companies we talked to are currently aiming for the same and how like, what role does AI play in that strategy for you internally?

Speaker 2  11:06  
Yes, interesting. So I feel like that we do a lot of AI projects overall, even so we don't have as many, like traditional machine learning engineers and so on. So I would say we are rather weak on this side and when it comes to internal stuff. So we use it a lot for like, our software developers. So they're using a lot of co pilot assisting tools, I would say, when it comes to our, for instance, sales division, and we did look at quite a few, however, I would say that a lot of them are too much effort to implement, and there's the benefit is too low in many instances. And however, for instance, what I use a lot and where I'm currently writing a PhD paper, honestly, chatgpt, negotiator. You ever heard of it?

Speaker 1  12:00  
No, I haven't heard, I know, like negotiation handlers, but not negotiation, yes,

Speaker 2  12:05  
it's called the chatgpt negotiation Z negotiator. It's called and, for instance, like, whenever I get an email, and whenever they are like, Oh, we want to, I don't know, cut prices or whatever, you know, I put the email in and I ask it what to do, and to write me a good response, and I would say, okay, sometimes it's not where I would want it to be, it yet, but I feel like it saves me a lot of time, at least. So it's and also sometimes it comes up with ideas and strategies that didn't cross my mind before. So it's quite valuable in that regard.

Speaker 1  12:44  
You now explained what your software engineers do, and they use co pilot. You use a tool on your own, which is the negotiator, how like, but the overall company. How do they like? Top level management, how do they see AI? Do they like see it, or is it more from you. You use the tools that you think might be valuable, but yeah,

Speaker 2  13:04  
so they see it. They think it's a very important aspect for us to grow in. It also depends on who we are talking to from our management board. So there's two, three people that are super enthusiastic about it, while the others are more indifferent, I would say, so it kind of depends on who we are talking to, I would say. But again, like for using it for other companies, always for ourselves, yes, wherever we can, however, in a lot of aspects, and what we do, for instance, a lot, or what we did last year a few times, was that we worked with external companies, for instance, like cold calling agencies that did a lot of AI driven email marketing initiatives and so on. Unfortunately, they even put my name in the signature, which was a bit, you know, embarrassing when there were like, 10,000 emails going out, and, you know, from me even so I've, I've not written them, and it was absolutely not me, but so, yeah, I would say that that's for instance, where we worked with subcontractors that are, you know, very convinced of their very innovative solutions. And however, I would say in most cases, they did not do well. Okay,

Speaker 1  14:29  
why did they not do well? Like, what was, what were problems? For example,

Unknown Speaker  14:32  
I would say that quite often, you know, like,

Speaker 2  14:37  
so what I really liked it you could also read within their script. So, you know, like, when, when they found, like, let's say contact, you could, like, read the conversation as an end user. And that, like, a very good it was called sales OS, so like, a sales operation system online, where you could, like, tackle down everything they did, and everything was protocolized. And we Yes, I would say that good question. I feel like they, you know, they did, like, a penetration approach. So they just did, like, send out a lot of content, a lot of emails, a lot of reminders and so on. But like, I personally, you know, I'm so sick of them. Like, whenever I see them, I just press them away, and I feel like that. That's probably what, what they were struggling the most with. And also, I could see that quite often, you know, it wasn't an IT specialized cold calling agency like that. You know, when the client asked something technical that you could see by the answers that they had no idea what the question even meant. And I think that in this case, they should have probably, you know, like, used to negotiate or whatever. Okay,

Speaker 1  15:55  
very interesting. It's almost half you let me know when, when you have to drop Yeah, let's continue. Great. Thanks. And if you like, if you could think of a tech base or I base solution, whatever that would help you achieve the company goals for the upcoming months and years. What would that be? How would that look like? If you could like, you don't necessarily have to mention a tool that exists already. But if you could think of a solution, what would be something that would really, really accelerate you reaching the goal?

Unknown Speaker  16:29  
So I would say,

Speaker 2  16:32  
I use chatgpt A lot, like on any basis. I also, you know, feed it with a lot of content. I feed it with a lot of documents. I have a big prompt libraries that I use them, I would say it works very well. So the only thing that would maybe make it a bit better if I didn't need to, always, you know, like, copy, paste, so much, you know, like, if I could have a better, you know, like, if I could integrate it into Outlook, for instance, these kind of things. I haven't tried that yet. I would say, when it comes, when I look back at the previous year. So like, for instance, I need very little time nowadays to to to create PowerPoint presentations and so on. It all went super quick. Now, I would say, What would maybe help me is a program that would track up on all my things, you know, like, for instance, my mailbox and tells me, Oh, there's an email that I didn't respond to yet, you know, that would screen my calendar and maybe assist me in some way or another. And I would even say even so, it's a bit risky, and I wouldn't do it yet, but in the future, I could see myself doing it to have an integrated bot in my emails that they automatically answer to them. You know, let's say someone is asking for something, and you know, if the answer is clear or, you know, like if it's let's say someone is asking for an appointment that I don't need to answer it, but instead, it's automatically being answered and just put into my calendar, like these kind of things and and I would say,

Speaker 2  18:18  
I would rather say So in my personal sales philosophy, it's more about the product than the sales. So like, I feel like that if you have a good product and a good service and good people, you know you don't even need to do a lot of sales activities. If you look at the most successful companies in the world, look at like Apple, for instance. They are like, known to do very little traditional advertisement now a bit more than in the past. But you know, they have such a strong brand. They are doing so well with consumer convenience and so on, with quality that I feel like most people, you know, even if they would never see a billboard, no advertisement, there was no we shot or whatever, they would most likely still purchase Apple products. And I feel like it's the same with us, like, you know, we have companies that are super happy with us, where we don't need to do a lot and get 70% of our revenue from while there's also companies where we do very little, know, where we do a lot of advertisement and a lot of sales, and best cases we get, like, a little proof of concept, or whatever that we do with them, yeah, but I would say that's probably the main things very

Speaker 1  19:31  
interesting. And like, coming back to one of the earlier points I mentioned, the like notification, or like, a bot that notifies you when you have an unread email or an email you should respond to, have you looked into it? And if not, why? Why not?

Speaker 2  19:47  
I would say, No, I have not looked into it. And mostly because we do have a Microsoft Office environment, and I would know how to integrate it or work stuff. But also I would be a bit

Unknown Speaker  20:00  
yeah, so, you know, like, I would say that

Speaker 2  20:04  
there are people where I would dare to try it out, but since I worked, for instance, a lot with our investor, and you know, the people that he's working with, I'm always, like, super cautious with every email that I write. So, you know, like, I read over five times before I send it out. So it's kind of like the supervisor aspect is so big, since it's, like, on a higher level where, like, for instance, whenever I talk to our sales team, I just type it in. And don't, you know, like, just send it out the way it is. And don't even, like, you know, put any commerce or dots or capitalize it correctly, and so on. So I feel like it really depends on who I'm talking to. And again, there's some people where I'm super cautious and very focused on to not do any mistakes, where there's others where I feel like, okay, speed is all that matters, and let's do it. But I would say that the main reason is because we have this very set up environment where it would be difficult for me to do, like, personal adjustments. I feel like, okay,

Speaker 1  21:12  
cool, that makes sense. That's great. Zooming out from that topic a little bit on a high level, you talk a bit about how you found inefficiencies or problems within the company that you want to tackle this year. How does that usually work? How do you identify these problems? How do you identify or prioritize them? Like, what's, what's the thought process behind will

Speaker 2  21:34  
be always like, where we believe the most money is coming out of so it's like, the main objective is to Okay, so now we actually secured some more funding. But you know, we always know we only have a few months to go on that funding. And like, if it was me, I think it's stupid that we have all these offices stuff like, I feel like, and also like, when comes our incubators, I would cancel 80% of them. However, it's also a bit tricky, because these are the ones that get us the funding. No, but like, if it was me, I would only do our IT consultancy, and then we would be super profitable and doing quite well, and wouldn't have any of these issues. And but, yeah, that's, that's one of the, one of the main reasons. But I usually always look at what either is saving a lot of money and what is contributing a lot of revenue profit, and also, so, for instance, like, you know, when I look at our consultants, I always look at, okay, who's contributing a lot and who's not contributing a lot. And then, you know, like, especially the people that are contributing a lot, I really, you know, like, I compliment them on a weekly basis, you know, and tell them how great they are. And, you know, like, I always ask if they are doing well, what do they need to be happy? You know? Like, they can ask for the dumbest things, and they will probably still get some, because they contribute a lot. And, you know, it's always like, for me, the worst case, and it happens regularly. You know that these people just quit, you know, even, even if they get the salary of 100 plus K,

Unknown Speaker  23:17  
you know,

Speaker 2  23:21  
there's still always reasons why they're like, oh, I want to do something else, or whatever. I don't like it. Who knows? It's not enough. You know, even, like, if you give them 1020, 30k, more, because they would still be profitable, they just insist that they want to leave. And so that's always like, you know, keeping the talent that you really need is essential always, you know, looking at the numbers, always being quite, I would say quite brutal about it, you know. So it's kind of like, I feel like, in the Berlin startup scene, okay, yeah, you probably have it a bit as well. But like, you know, like, a few years ago, it was like, Oh no, you cannot do this, and it's about teaming, and I'm telling you, no, it's all about money, and it's all about who contributes who doesn't. So higher slow and fire Creek, it's kind of like the Silicon Valley attitude even so. It's rough, it's tough, and, like quite often, it's not even the people's fault. But I'm making it seem a bit more dramatic than it is, but I would say, but I would say, I always look at, okay, what is ensuring us the most secure revenue streams, what's the most profitable and whatever we believe in works, the other stuff doesn't. So to give you one particular example that I'm looking at, what now we started doing and support services as well. For, for instance, like, Postgres landscapes and so, like, I was like, wondering, oh, you know, like, for instance, why do we need a level one support, you know? Like, why can we not just put a bot there that takes, because level one is usually, like, takes a call, you know, and then, like, we have someone in Estonia sitting there all night, you know, like taking the calls, and there's barely ever any calls. And, like, why not just, you know, have a, have a phone bot that takes in the problem and says, Oh, we get back to you, you know, and distribute it, then immediately within our expert channel, and then someone can take the ticket and work on it. Well, now it's usually like a manual process where I don't understand why, yeah,

Speaker 1  25:32  
and why, like, what holds back from deploying a bot?

Speaker 2  25:35  
Well, because our top managers say, oh, no, we cannot do it. It's the quality will not be good enough. And I mean, like, you know, when I look at what they do with what kind of course they take in, and with what proper like, with what poor German skills, you know, they take it, and I'm like, No, we could just put a bot. And, you know, like, all they do is write it down and put it in the ticketing system. Yeah. So, if you like, it is something that we could easily rationalize. And, you know, like, when you have these Uber rideshaft on call services, say, usually super expensive, because you have someone there, it's we am in the morning, you know, paying them all these night shift bonuses and so on. And I'm like, I don't see where you need it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  26:17  
yeah, I totally get it. I close my outline.

Speaker 2  26:20  
That's also why, for instance, like I on the customers, I try to design the contract so that the risk so the penalties are a bit less, you know. So in case we do screw up, that the penalties will not be bad, you know, and that we're convinced that, okay, even if we do screw up once or twice or whatever, then we do have a little penalty, but it's still better than you know, the cost case that we have right now. Okay, got

Speaker 1  26:50  
it. And what would it require for your top management to accept like

Unknown Speaker  26:55  
the product, the

Speaker 1  26:57  
product, so, is it a demo that you would need to show them then, or like an MVP or I

Speaker 2  27:01  
would say so, I would say so. And, I mean, they're quite old school. Some of them, I would say so. You know, they're like these Munich IT executives that work for dux companies the entire life. And I feel like that quite often.

Unknown Speaker  27:16  
You know? We need to be like, hey.

Speaker 2  27:22  
Others are doing it. Why should we not do it? And I feel like that quite often. I feel like that the biggest difference, it's about the technology, but it is also about I feel like quite often, they underestimate the competition. You know. I feel like quite often, you know, like, also when we are like, in a competitive bit, and I say, like, oh, well, I believe we need to go at least 25% down, otherwise we will not have a chance. They're like, but how can anyone be so cheap? No, that's impossible. If we cannot make it this cheap, then how can anyone else do it? And I'm like, well, I could tell you many reasons how others can do it and we cannot. But, yeah, that's definitely one of the main issues that we have. I would say, okay,

Speaker 1  28:06  
very interesting, and thanks a lot. I'd wrap it up here. I think we got a great amount of information. I would continue to explain you what we were looking into in English, because sometimes there are still ideas popping up. So because, as I said before, like a big part of the buying process happens before you even contact a vendor. And this process consists of various stages. First, you have to identify the problem. You have to explore potential solution. Do I want to do it in house? Do I want to hire a service? Do I buy off the shelf solution? You have to specify your requirements within the team, right? Like, what does legal want? What does marketing need? What I don't know, does it management need? Then you go choose all your vendors, like, which are fitting the criteria, and then you have to demo and test it, negotiate it, etc, etc. And that's just like, it's not a linear process. It makes loops. It's like very prone to errors, and we read that, or, like in many reports, it states that more and more companies try to avoid sales but at the same time regret their purchase decision. So like 50% of companies that do not interact with a sales team while they buy software, regretted within 12 months. And that's obviously a paradox, right? They don't want to have help buying the product, but at the same time, they regret it very, very often. And we're trying to see where we can fit in there. Is it maybe identifying the right problem? Is it like because many companies want to save cost at the same time grow? How can you do that with AI and tech tools? Obviously, that's one solution. How do you find the right tool for your requirements, for a setup, for your integration? And that's kind of where we're looking into right now. Where can we support the most to help businesses grow sustainably? And one hypothesis is, with AI tools right now, and you just need to find the right tool for your use case. Yeah. And that's kind of like, we're still exploring solutions. We are running interviews. We don't have anything that we can pitch, but there are recurring themes that are coming up.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
