Unknown Speaker  00:00
I can imagine, thanks for taking the time, though, that's great. So yeah, the two of us, we've never personally met, but I when I was at cohas, I heard many good things, and that's why I thought I'd reach out so long time back, Neil is a good friend of mine, and we are currently exploring a business idea, which is why I thought I reach out, because your profile just looked very appealing to us. And the idea is a bit that I give you a vague description in the beginning, just to not bias you, then we would have, like a couple of questions after that would explain you what the idea is, show you clicked on me, and maybe ask for your feedback, if that would be fine for you, sure, perfect. So the the underlying idea is that we want to improve sales process processes in general, and like over the past two, three weeks, we've talked to various sales reps, account executives, Business Development representatives, and came to Yeah, came to a certain conclusion that we now want to test. So the questions that we ask you are already kind of directed towards a certain idea, yeah. And if you could maybe start by by giving us an initial idea of what you do and what your team does, and like a quick intro, that would be great, sure.

Unknown Speaker  01:30
What do I do? I lead a team,

Unknown Speaker  01:33
customer tribe, so end to end sales, that's SDRs, that's people that are new, doing new business. That's people that are doing account management our existing business upsell, plus customer success, plus support plus onboarding. So process from selling our product to having our product live to having our product supported,

Unknown Speaker  01:57
that's that's great, and how sorry we

Unknown Speaker  02:00
have 100 employees in total. I think my team is 25 people. Ish, we are reaching 10 million Arr, by the end of this year, and we have about 300 customers, average 50k for new business. We have some customers smaller because a couple of years ago, this company focused on smaller companies, but yeah, 50 k6 months say it's like,

Unknown Speaker  02:26
okay, that's brilliant. That's like, a bunch of information that we were kind of going towards. So that was, that was a great summary. And you said you have a like variety of teams under you. Like, what's, what's the split between BRS, or SDRs or like, how big is the onboarding part? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:45
so currently we have two SDRs supporting five in one month, six new business seller.

Unknown Speaker  02:58
Then we have a team of

Unknown Speaker  03:01
four and two months, five account managers.

Unknown Speaker  03:06
Then we have an onboarding, 12344,

Unknown Speaker  03:10
people plus a lead. Then we have customer success with three, soon, six people with a lead. And then we have support with three people plus a lead. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  03:25
that's great. Thanks. And if you would describe the market you serve, is there a certain segment or, like, a certain regional or geographic

Unknown Speaker  03:36
restriction? Yeah, our ICP is 500 employees plus, until 20 ish, we have some bigger companies, like Vesna mosquito. Those are selling all the pet food. And we have bigger customers such as Miele Harvard. But basically, I would say our sweet spot is mid sized, German based hidden champions from all industries with at least 20 to 30 active jobs because we are selling a SaaS solution for career sites, plus a data hub that helps them understanding their spendings on different channels. All of our ICPs should have a headquarter in Germany, Switzerland or Austria, and in Switzerland, the German speaking region, because we are really German by heart and serve companies that are a bit more old school ish, I would say.

Unknown Speaker  04:35
And

Unknown Speaker  04:37
the best case scenario is that they already have cloud software in place, and we do not necessarily have to show them the whole journey of buying cloud software.

Unknown Speaker  04:47
Okay, that makes sense. Perfect. Thanks. And slowly moving away from the bit more general questions towards the process of of you selling how many, how many calls, like sales calls do you have per week that could be any type of call could be from the very beginning to the very end, like an SDR, for example. Like, how many do they book?

Unknown Speaker  05:16
I think SDRs have per week, like, between 305 100 calls per week, the two of them, not per person, the two of them in total. And then, from an AE perspective, it's quite different. We have some targets, but I don't really give a shit if they are calling or if they have meetings. It's just the value that I try to track of the different types of meetings that we're having, but overall, it would be 10 calls per AE per week, which is in total 60 plus 300 to 500 from SDRs. So let's say between 405 600 calls.

Unknown Speaker  05:53
Okay, that's great. That's great. And you already said that, like you're trying to track the value these meetings. Spring I

Unknown Speaker  06:03
started. I started in this role four months ago.

Unknown Speaker  06:07
We had our own HR tech startup, which we sold to us company. Then we did the onboarding of our startup for the US company. And then after the vesting, we left again. And now I started to lead the sales team here. And currently there was nothing really in place. So what I try to implement is that we measure touch points and that we give the touch points a value, and that in the best case scenario or next year and the year after, in our business case planning, we know how many touch points do we need with what value to measure our customer acquisition costs, and how can we then

Unknown Speaker  06:41
become better. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  06:43
that's a that's a good, good initiative, obviously, and quite interesting. And when you like, right now you said you focus on touch points. Is there any like, is there anything else, how you measure the quality of calls or meetings or no? Okay, okay, that's great. I

Unknown Speaker  07:05
mean, I would love to they have different we are using Salesforce as a basis. So in Salesforce, what I did was creating tasks slash events, and then you have different types that you can choose. And for sure, a negotiation meeting with procurement is worth more than a call that you are doing to prospect in a future scenario. I would like to wait the tasks to make sure that I know what's the value behind it. We're doing it already in a sheet that we created besides Salesforce for business planning, but that we really measure yet.

Unknown Speaker  07:40
Okay, okay, that totally makes sense. You already mentioned Salesforce, what other like? What else is part of your tax, sales tax, then

Unknown Speaker  07:50
you're pointing on the problems. Salesforce is the basis for everything, and it has to stay because our finance department is directly connected with Salesforce. So whenever we close a deal, the whole invoicing and everything that comes to make sure that we have the cash in is connected to Salesforce. So that's like the basis, and then I implemented gong on top. I don't know if you guys know Gong, yeah, yes. So we have Gong, ultimate. I don't use engage yet, but soon we will use engage for the STR piece. I use the forecasting in Gong, and the whole team uses the functionality of recording calls and getting summaries out of Gong. And then what I did, beside that, was buying chatgpt for professional licenses to make sure that my people somehow will soon understand how it can help improve their work. But it's a hard journey. I didn't know that it's going to be that hard. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:56
two follow up questions. On the one side, why is it like, why is it hard to convince your colleagues that chatgpt is powerful, or so powerful?

Unknown Speaker  09:09
Because if you've never used it and never saw the benefit, why would you use it? Okay, it's a bit like, you know, when my parents traveled Europe, they had Ali at the event Atlas, which is like a map that you have to hold, like this, and then they knew where they were going. And that's like how my sales team is working, and I'm using Google Maps and navigate very, really easy to wherever I need to go.

Unknown Speaker  09:33
Yeah, okay, I get it totally makes sense. I can, I can see my page

Unknown Speaker  09:37
really. I mean, I have to put effort into that every single day, and they have to show them prompts and how to do a conversation. It's so crazy, because those are not stupid people, but they didn't feel the benefit yet. I would say,

Unknown Speaker  09:52
Yeah, okay, yeah, but I mean they will, hopefully at some point, and then they'll adapt. And the second question was regarding the gong recordings, have you like, what's your experience with the content that like customers have to give in a call? Like, how?

Unknown Speaker  10:13
I can give you one example. We had an RFP pitch this week with a really big old schoolish German corporate, and we invited the tennis connect note taker, the gong bought into the call, and there was no problem in recording it. So now I have a proper pitch one and a half hours with real questions from real customer that I can share with the team. I think, I think when I started using Gong chatgpt was not big yet, and we had real big problems on the German speaking market. But I think nowadays that everyone knows how certain AI tools can improve your work, they're all cool with it. And what I'm doing with Gong is I even send out the summaries afterwards to our customers, or in the summary, and I like, just forward the email, yeah, oh, that's perfect, great. I would say 99% consonant that sometimes speaking to, I don't know old school as German banks that like, No, I don't want to be recorded.

Unknown Speaker  11:11
Yeah, I can imagine. Definitely,

Unknown Speaker  11:15
a follow up question, you said you sometimes also share the recordings with with your team. What's in general, the process of training your team or improving, I don't know, call like phone calls or meets and sharing feedback, like, what does that look like?

Unknown Speaker  11:32
There's no process. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  11:34
so do you use it on your own? Then,

Unknown Speaker  11:38
basically, what I'm doing is, if someone thinks that he or she should forward the call to me and wants a feedback, listening to it and I give feedback, but we don't have any sales improvements in place currently. I would love to, but there's no time to be honest.

Unknown Speaker  11:56
I can't imagine. I can imagine. Yeah, definitely. I'll quickly stop here. Neil, do you want to ask yes, couple

Unknown Speaker  12:04
questions. Actually, you said that your your sales team, they it was a bit difficult for them using chat GPT. How easy was it for them to start using Gong in their daily processes? Same,

Unknown Speaker  12:20
same, and not really using it, and I'm pushing them towards using it every single day. I give you one example. I'm track. We're tracking activities in Salesforce, and usually you have to go into Salesforce and do a manual activity tracking when. But I integrated Gong with Salesforce, and whenever you use Gong, activity is created automatically. Plus the summary is in the

Unknown Speaker  12:42
maintenance, yeah, but

Unknown Speaker  12:45
still, they're not using it really.

Unknown Speaker  12:50
What are their profiles like? How old are these people? What is like? Their like, background shadow, curious? Yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  12:56
different. We have some really motivated between 20 and 30 ish X, SDRs, AES, those are the really motivated ones, and they're using everything, and they love it. And then we have the between 38 and 50 ish old school sellers that are doing product presentations when they are in calls with their customers and they're not asking questions, and it's a bit tricky, I would say. But still, they're good people, and usually they reach quota. So my biggest problem is to show them the benefit. I mean, you know, it's in Germany, we always say, we always did it this way. Why should we do it differently? And that's the past I'm currently having.

Unknown Speaker  13:44
Interesting. Are they involved in new business? Eight to 50 euros? Yes. Okay, got you and okay, i And just one last question, I guess before I give it back to Tino, you said that they sometimes send you a call to get feedback that you look at, how often is that on a weekly basis?

Unknown Speaker  14:06
Point, one times

Unknown Speaker  14:08
more than one time?

Unknown Speaker  14:10
No, 0.1 times. Oh, it's not happening very often. It's usually when they have tricky calls, when they are in negotiations or whatsoever, and having half a year sales cycle with 50k AI and average, those calls maybe happen per person every second month. Gotcha. Got it? Okay? Thank you,

Unknown Speaker  14:40
Neil, I would, I would move to the click dummy if I think we got great insights. And so the next step Steffen would be show you a click dummy that we created based on the conversations we had in the past, and just trying to to get an idea of this would be helpful for you and your team, just to understand if, if companies would use it, and what we what we focused on over the last couple of days and over the last few conversations, was improving the quality of sales calls. You might have noticed that from where the questions were heading to, and the the idea is that we, like I did something very similar at Shopify already. So I used to work at Shopify before as data scientists and work with the sales team there, they had quite a big sales team, and at some point they were aiming to build internal solutions to improve the pipelines and the calls. And one of them was a sales coach, which, like in a more sophisticated version we want to present right now, and I can quickly share my screen,

Unknown Speaker  15:50
so your solution would be integrated with air call and other tools then. Or how would it work exactly,

Unknown Speaker  15:55
and the long term, we would like to connect to air call and other like other providers that could be like, we could use videos or transcripts or just mp three that all does make a difference. And the idea is to use these files, and I'll walk you through now to show it, show you how it could look like. So I use this one? Yeah. Okay, so, um, that's that view. Like, can you see it well? Because, like, figma sometimes shows it too big, so I use the smaller screen. Okay, perfect. So the idea is basically that you have a coach that gives you instant feedback regarding your calls. So whenever you have a call, you can upload it, get feedback based on a certain sales technique that you want to look at, or a customized like customized analysis, basically. So

Unknown Speaker  16:51
then companies could then give you their desired sales technique. Or, yeah, for example, you're using gap selling, which is really high end. And our people are not doing it really well always, but if they do it well, it works good.

Unknown Speaker  17:08
Yeah, exactly. That's something that I can show you right now. So the interface would look very simple, so it's just a simple drag and drop, like in the beginning, ideally later on, we connected directly to our call, so that your team would basically just need to click on the call that they want to analyze. But in that case, like the MVP or the proof of concept we're aiming for, would be a simple upload. You can upload this call, have the transcript here, and then you can choose a sales technique. In that case, we have gap selling here. We heard a lot of Matt pick challenger sale as well. In that case, just for the demo, I would use the Challenger sale, but in theory, we could use gap selling, or even very custom solution that would, I don't know, be a bit more targeted towards a certain company

Unknown Speaker  17:58
focusing on challenger. Everyone is talking about challenger still, so don't worry about

Unknown Speaker  18:02
that. Yeah, exactly like we had at a Shopify as well, and everyone was talking about challenger sale. And I was like, yeah, maybe we just, you upload it, I have a little loading, and then you get a summary. So you have a very broad summary here on the left, talking about what went well, where's room for improvement? On the right side, you see your overall score between zero and 100 so 60 is outside average. Right now, you have the different subcategories of the Challenger sale and how this person scored. So this is already like giving you a certain idea of how well I performed. Now, though, I want to click on the details and go a bit more in depth. So you have the overall summary here. If I now want to look at controlling sale, for example, which was very average performance, I see what I did well. I see where there's room for improvement. And I also have quotes which show what went well, what went wrong. So I really know okay, this is what I can improve, basically, and what we think is also very, very beneficial, is to compare calls that I had now about a certain topic to other calls, either from the same industry or from my team. So in that case, we have an example here of a team Comparison, where you can see, on the left, there's my call that was very average. On the right, it's a call about the same topic that performed really well. So, like, it was super quick to find a good call that I can listen to or look at, understand, Oh, what did this person do different? Is it a different hook? Is it a different phrasing? Whatever to improve the calls, and that is basically just a very quick alternative to get feedback on your calls in a standardized way, if you use one of the sales technique or a custom solution, basically. And what we're aiming to do right now is to basically talk to companies and like I would stop talking here, maybe just get your get your feedback on this.

Unknown Speaker  20:05
I like it. The only question that I would have is, how competitive is gong plus outreach for you guys, because I bet they either think about functionalities like this or have it already embedded in their solution. Yeah, I don't know they do. They

Unknown Speaker  20:23
do, yeah, Gong, for example, has a sales coach, or on the code, I think they call it coaching software, or something like that. And their advantage is obviously that, obviously that they are integrated into Gong already. So that's big advantage. Gong has big distributed, though, on the other side, it's also a bit cumbersome to use, and they don't look at this, this call comparison aspect a lot. So what you can do with going is you can get a summary, and it tells you, hey, this is the summary of your call. And in general, you can do better if you do these three things. However, they don't have you cannot choose the selling technique and customize it that way, and you can also not compare calls. And we thought that's basically the step a manager would do and tell someone, hey, this one well, this one wrong. If you want to do better, do this and that. And that's where we're trying to step into and compare it across industry as well to see what does my competition do? I like it.

Unknown Speaker  21:25
I honestly don't know if I would have time to do it. Maybe self assessment would be nice, but always, I mean, we do self assessment and you want to improve, we have to think that people really want to improve. I don't know if all people in my team always want to improve. Yeah, sometimes it used to need it. It's crazy, but I think overall it's it's pretty nice, and it's a pretty good product. Thanks. First of all, thanks. What you need to have is integrations. Without integrations, it won't really work in a workflow. And we built our first HR tech product in 2013 integrations didn't really play a role as they do today. Yeah, I agree, but, but there are companies like, I don't know for for your space, but there's one for HR tech. For example, it's called combo Dev. We are using combo dev to integrate our solution with all other existing HR solutions that, I bet their company comparable to combo dev that pass type of as a service that could help you integrating your solution with other solutions

Unknown Speaker  22:37
on a really easy basis. That's brilliant.

Unknown Speaker  22:43
Yeah, I think integration plays a major role. And then the question is, whom would you sell to? Is it startups? I guess so, exactly, and how's the product? Because for us, I must admit, Gong is already quite expensive, and that's why I'm so fucked up, that no one is really using it. Yeah, this could be really amazing for companies that are having a high traction on sales that are maybe using I'm currently using, working pretty closely together with trusted shops. And in the high season of trusted shops, the CRO is currently helping us a bit, setting up our environment in the high season of draughts and shops, they had 30 to 50 sales per day. So there's a lot of traction. We maybe have one closing every two weeks. So I don't know if this would really be a case that was beneficial for us, because there's not so much traction, but when you have a real running Sales Machine, that's an amazing tool. Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  23:43
That's also, that's a little bit the idea that this works at scale, right? So that I don't always have to click on one call, but I can see over time, I don't know my I'm always using the Challenger sale, the control.

Unknown Speaker  23:56
What's the log per day? How exactly, what was my good call? Was my bad call? Maybe getting an automated email or however, notifications that help me approving my manager. I mean, whether you really have a company with SDR managers, that's something that SDR managers should focus on,

Unknown Speaker  24:13
right exactly, yeah, yeah. That's first of all great feedback that was already super helpful. Yeah, we are like, one of the reasons we're showing this click dummy is because we're also looking for pilot companies that would like to develop it with us. So we are like, over the last, I don't know, three, four days, we had multiple talks with companies that of which one or two already said they would be willing to with us. And one of the questions, like one of the kind of last questions is, if you and the team would maybe be willing to develop us with us, we would develop it for free, and in exchange, just ask one or two reps to or SDRs to give us feedback on this. We are obviously GDPR compliant. It's all like data staying in Europe that's That's all taken care of, and just in a question, what would you like? Is that even an option for you? Or what would you need?

Unknown Speaker  25:08
Currently, we are using SDR as a service, so those are not, I mean that my team members, but they're not my team members. Okay, a lot to decide, so I think we're not the right fit. But if you want continuous feedback, and if one day you're looking for funding, yeah, I would be more than happy to stay in touch with you guys and maybe support you. However, I can support you. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:32
that's also great. Thanks. Thanks a lot for that. Okay, that's great. Do you maybe know anyone who might be a better fit than than you right now?

Unknown Speaker  25:48
Give me. Give me some days. I think about it.

Unknown Speaker  25:53
Just send me an email. Yeah, I think about it. I think I know I know some really interesting people for you guys. Yeah, and I'm might collect connect you to he could be of interest for you guys. He's also in our advisory board, and he's the founder of artist, I don't know if you know the podcast artist AR artist, he's one of the craziest sales guys I've ever met in my entire life. He might know better how and where to head with your product. Okay, just might know more people that could be of interest of piloting your product. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  26:40
thanks a lot for for all of this, for the feedback for, um, I'll reach out to you either later today or tomorrow, and I'll

Unknown Speaker  26:48
send you. My wife comes back on Sunday, and I'm going to be busy with the kids. I

Unknown Speaker  26:54
can imagine. I can imagine, I mean, two kids at home, plus work is also like, it's a lot crazy. Yeah, I can imagine.

Unknown Speaker  27:03
Steffen, yeah, sure. Final questions before you respond. Number one, you said something about trusted shops.

Unknown Speaker  27:10
Working with trusted shops. Ali. Ali was building the whole revenue operations at trusted shops. And he's also a freelancer, so we're doing currently revenue operations workshops with him, and he's providing our SDRs as a service.

Unknown Speaker  27:28
Got you trusty shops.com? URL,

Unknown Speaker  27:33
there any other trusted shops?

Unknown Speaker  27:38
Well, yeah, there you as well,

Unknown Speaker  27:40
but it might work with.com also.

Unknown Speaker  27:43
Yeah, okay, cool. Then that's the one, okay, and that's the first one, and the second one that I wanted to ask, and the final is that obviously, you're clearly a gong advocate, and of course, you're very forward thinking, but I guess maybe your team, you have a big varying level of the team. And I was curious, how big of a role does language play in the adoption of these tools, specifically Gong.

Unknown Speaker  28:11
Tell you, if Gong wouldn't be able to do anything in German, I would never spend money on it. Okay, great, and that's what the German speaking market. That's why I think our product serves so well these old school, German based hidden champion companies. German is a really, really big topic, and most of the US based companies, they don't understand it. That's why I kicked out. What's their name. Again, outreach. In the process, I was completely outreach to Gong, and outreach as German capabilities were just crap interesting.

Unknown Speaker  28:44
How are Gong's German capabilities comparatively

Unknown Speaker  28:49
pretty good. I mean, you know, German is a really hard language, especially to learn with all our articles and the way that the language is shaped, sometimes sounds a bit funny when you're Native, but it's totally fine. I mean, I would say 85%

Unknown Speaker  29:08
interesting. And just a final question, in terms of, like, what is, obviously, we know that the power of Gong, what do you think is holding you back to the next level? Like, in terms of Gong's capabilities, like, what are where are they not hitting the mark, according to you,

Unknown Speaker  29:25
I think it's not Gong's capabilities, is our capability to use the software in the right way. I mean, I'm selling software myself, and usually the problem is, you sign a customer, you onboard a customer, and then the customer uses 20, maybe 30% of the power of your solution. And you always have to work to make sure that you get more monthly active users, or whatsoever. I think the problem is not gone. The problem is

Unknown Speaker  29:49
us cool. Thank you very much for the chat, and honestly, yeah, if you guys

Unknown Speaker  29:54
have any further questions, just let me know. Perfect. Thanks

Unknown Speaker  29:56
so much. That was super helpful. Thanks for your time, and we definitely stay in touch. I'll reach out. Yeah,


Transcribed by https://otter.ai